Author: Daniel Foley Carter
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-foley-assertive/
Collected: 2026-06-27

---

POST 1:

How we fix clients lost rankings and traffic.

1. We perform a full SEO audit that includes:

➪ Audit of search console data
➪ Technical SEO audit
➪ Page indexing audit
➪ Performance and rendering audit
➪ Content audit
➪ Link audit & brand authority review
➪ User experience & behavioural audit

2. We create segments to analyse where the losses are

➪ Brand vs Non Brand
➪ Sub Folder performance segment
➪ Last 3 months YoY click gap analysis
➪ Pre and post core update loss segment

3. We rule out issues

➪ Spam issues (content, links)
➪ Technical SEO issues
➪ Indexing issues
➪ Content quality, engagement, NLP, value issues
➪ Link quality & accruement issues

4. We identify where the weaknesses are:

Technical SEO:

➪ Page rendering
➪ Internal links
➪ Internal anchors, relevance and consistency
➪ URL constructs and architecture
➪ Directive utilisation
➪ HTTP headers
➪ On page elements

Content:

➪ Content performance by segment
➪ Content quality (writing, style, depth, coverage, tov)
➪ Content age, currentness, accuracy
➪ NLP performance
➪ Engagement performance (scroll, click, engagement metrics)
➪ Information priority
➪ Readability

Links:

➪ Domains with traffic
➪ Accruement rate
➪ Anchor utilisation
➪ Top page ext RD distribution
➪ Topical trust flow
➪ Link network analysis

Indexing:

➪ Review non indexed page reasons
➪ Clean up non indexed pages & validate
➪ Maintain healthy indexing

GSC:

➪ Review host, robots.txt accessibility
➪ Review crawl stats
➪ Review disavows
➪ Review all data

5. We create a recovery strategy for clients that can run in parrallel so:

➪ Who works on technical fixes, prioritise highest impact items first
➪ Who works on content, we work with & train writers & provide content
➪ Who works on link building / link earning
➪ What strategic items are dealt with first for fastest impact
➪ What's the approval & sign off process
➪ Key KPIs for measurement (query counts, rankings, non brand clicks impr)

6. We then work with clients on:

SEO Implementation:

➪ Get technical fixes done and log annotations
➪ Get content adjustments underway and on a planned schedule
➪ Get link earning underway with a proper link strategy
➪ Get SEO testing underway
➪ Get indexing cleanups done

SEO Measurement:

➪ Log annotations for each thing fixed
➪ Track query counts across URLS, URL Groups and Domain
➪ Track recovery and identify what is and isn't working
➪ Monitor and track new content production
➪ Monitor and track links

Engagement & User Behaviour

➪ Track how people engage with content
➪ Microsoft Clarity + GA4 review
➪ Regular content assessments
➪ UX / content adjustment tests
➪ Maximise positive engagement
➪ Maximise conversion and ROI

We've seen the devastating impact ranking and traffic losses can have on businesses.

We're specialists in ranking & traffic recovery for all types of loss:

➪ Manual actions & penalties
➪ Algo related losses
➪ Spam attacks and hacks
➪ Indexing issues
➪ and lots more

---

POST 2:

Google releases its next spam update, what is SUPER interesting is that on the spam update last year, it was SUPER aggressive against content.

I saw a LOT of sites go through a huge correction.

A lot of content was devalued overnight.

This hit a lot of sites and for many, began onward decay.

This hit sites that were pushing out AI content with minimal or no human editing, even if the content wasn't inherently bad, Google literally pulled the plug on it.

Get ready for MORE of this over the next 1-2 weeks.

I feel like Google is really going to put the hammer down on AI content to stop its index being polluted with low effort crap.

Google can utilise SBERT (Sentence-BERT) in its search algorithms to analyze semantic similarity and detect large-scale AI-generated spam.

Instead of relying on word-level analysis, SBERT converts text into whole-sentence embeddings, allowing Google to quickly catch formulaic or repetitive machine-generated content across the web.

So, those AI articles you've been putting out are very likely to become worthless.

What Google is looking for?

High effort content

User engagement that demonstrates content quality

Unique added value (and not reciting what already exists)

Helpful content

Whilst AI isn't always bad or low effort content, equally a lot of it repeats what already exists out there.

---

POST 3:

There is SO much spam out there its unreal, and almost none of it gets challenged.

Why does no one ask for ANY form of proof, a website, some case studies, anything?

It's the SAME thing over and over again:

A hook
Here's what we do
Want this?
Comment

or you get gross, exagerated claims, but, it appeals to people because:

1. People want SHINY new things
2. People want to make more money for doing less
3. People want instant results, low effort for maximum gain

But the reality is, if this stuff GENUINELY worked I am sure people would keep it to themselves.

This content is engagement bait for growing socials.

If you see stuff like this, challenge it.

I am OPENLY running a test with AI agents and sharing my journey as it goes, actual PROOF with examples, but a lot of these social posters see others doing it so they copy it.

---

POST 4:

➪ 100 Websites
➪ All >100k+ a month traffic
➪ LLM traffic <5% of all traffic

ChatGPT was the most popular LLM for driving website traffic
Claude, Grok & Gemini sent the least traffic
Aggregated LLM revenue < 3% of all revenue on average

65% of the 100 websites saw strong LLM citation growth in the last 12 months but less than 10% saw any change in revenue.

There was a slight increase in branded traffic for brands that had growing LLM citations but little else.

Interestingly, LLM traffic was generally the fastest to convert:
➪ ORGANIC: 177 seconds on average
➪ PAID: 208 seconds on average
➪ SOCIAL: 375 seconds on average
➪ LLMS: 71 seconds on average

LLMS as a traffic or brand awareness source is still important but I feel that there's been so much over-emphasis on the value of it at this stage with respect to attention vs benefit.

Assertive we're keeping a close eye on LLM performance, looking at changes, growth or anything that leads to further developments.

But, for now, LLM traffic is still VERY low level, increased citations has a low level correlation with increased brand search.

I think LLMS are good for brand awareness and pre-purchase consideration so yes you do need to be visible, but, unlike ORGANIC, you don't get that burst curve with increased visibility, it's a lot quieter.

---

POST 5:

June 2026 Spam Update Rolling Out:

I expect this update will tackle:

➱ More self-promotional listicle spam
➱ General content spam
➱ AI & programmatic content spam
➱ Further link devaluation

It will be interesting to see if there's much flex or change in AI Overview coverage and how those will change (addressing self-promotional listicle spam).

Good luck!

