Title: My trick to make any brand be mentioned by ChatGPT
Date: 2026-06-26
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=nMA0CDtXY70

Here's a pretty cool SEO strategy that you can implement starting today. You're going to think about a prompt that you want your brand to show up for when people type in that prompt into ChatGPT. Let's say for example, I own a software that helps gyms manage their clients. So, I want to my brand I want my brand to show up when someone goes into ChatGPT and types the prompt "Best software for gym management," right? I want that. So, let's say that happened and then ChatGPT gives me a bunch of softwares, right? Now, if you've used ChatGPT before, you know that it gives you the answers, then gives you the sources where it found those answers. So, let's say it recommends software A, B, C, and D. Mine is not there. It kind of sucks, but um let's say it recommends a bunch of my competitors, but it doesn't recommend me. Now, the good thing is that with ChatGPT again, you can see, right? Yeah, we mentioned all my competitors and here's where it found that info. Sometimes, the link will go to the competitor's site, but a lot of times, the link, so it mentioned, "Hey, use XYZ source." That source is not that brand's site. It's like an article somewhere else, like a listicle, a comparison article, a news piece that goes over why that brand is a good gym membership software. Hopefully, this is making sense so far. So, let's recap. You come up with a prompt, you type that prompt into ChatGPT, a prompt that you want your brand to show up for. Your brand doesn't show up for it. No, no, not to worry. All your competitors do. You see the links that you can click in ChatGPT where it found that competitor brand name. Again, a lot of times will be a link straight to their site, but a lot of times will be a link not to their site, but again to a listicle. You see that listicle and then what you do is you either do two things. One, you reach out to the site owner that wrote that listicle that says, "Hey, top 10 best uh gym membership uh gym management softwares, right? And you ask them how much they charge you for them to include your brand name there. Why is that valuable? Well, because that article, you know already that that article is being cited by ChatGPT for a prompt that you want your brand to show up for. So, by including yourself inside that article, you increase your chances of your brand being mentioned in ChatGPT for that same prompt. Hopefully, that makes that's making sense so far. Now, second way is maybe let's say they ask you for a ridiculous amount of money or maybe they don't just don't do it, right? What you can do is, okay, now that you know that for this certain prompt, ChatGPT is citing listicles or listicle article like a top 10 article, right? Well, you go out and create that type of content. Because if for a certain prompt, the LLM, ChatGPT is citing listicle type content, well, you know that to increase the chances of you showing up in LLMs, you have to produce that same type of content. Hopefully, that made sense. I made a video on this, like 20 minutes long on YouTube. YouTube's called Vas SEO Tips. I'll link it