Title: they&#39;re paying people $300,000/year
Date: 2026-06-25
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=b40xEKzY768

The salary is $320,000 per year. That's how much they're paying. So, Anthropic, the makers of Claude, have now published a job post on their site. If you go to their homepage, scroll down and go to careers right here. Then, click on explore open roles. Scroll down again until you find marketing and sales and brand right here. Scroll down again. Click on SEO lead. And this is a job post on their site for an SEO lead either in San Francisco, California or New York City. Right? If you scroll down about a job post, right right here, the salary 255,000 to 320,000 a year in compensation for a SEO lead to join their company. And it goes, we're looking for an SEO lead to join entropics growing marketing team. You'll own organic search strategy and technical SEO infrastructure across entropics web properties including cloudi, entropic docs, and entropic.com. ensuring our products and developer resources are discoverable, perform, and well positioned in an involving search landscape. In other words, that they're being mentioned across engines and of course uh that show up in the the main search engines, Google and Bing. So, that's pretty cool. You guys can read here the the responsibilities and exactly what they're hiring for. Uh but it's pretty cool to see that SEO is is such an important marketing strategy because SEO is all it is like search engine optimization is a marketing strategy and it's still very much alive and the reason why that is is because all marketing is marketing is leverage. Okay, it's all it is. Uh when you stop uh when leverage disappears, marketing stops working. Let me give you an example. If if we're in like in a highway, okay, and we're going in our car this way, and there's one billboard right here announcing this, I don't know, this this product, right? All the cars going down this highway, we're going to look at this and see this product and then maybe of course more eyeballs tends to like if if the product is good, maybe more more sales, so more money. So, we have leverage, right? Meaning the marketing is working. But what if next week there's a bunch of billboards, all them pro promoting the same or I guess different products all across the road. Well, now we lose leverage, right? Because the eyeballs are dispersed to all these other uh billboards right here. So our original one loses leverage. So we make less money. So we lost leverage. And if in a year from now there's it's completely full, then we'll sort of stop working. Our sign will be like nobody's going to look at our billboard. So we'll lose leverage. So marketing stops working. All that marketing is is leverage. The people who started Tik Tok early, like the handful of guys who did like those weird dances, they had leverage. Nobody else was doing it. They did it. It was cringe. Sure. They made millions of dollars off of it. They built businesses. They did a lot of things because they got attention from their marketing which had leverage because nobody was doing it. Just like um right now right now all everyone wants to be famous. Everyone wants to be Tik Tok famous. There's a ton of people out there in the marketplace. There's a ton of billboards, so it's really hard to stand out. You have less leverage. My point with this is that SEO still has leverage right now. That's why they're paying this insane amount of money to get someone on there. Why? Because there's a lot of leverage now with AI search, right? Google is changing, right? Google's no longer the 10 blue links. There's a bunch of large language model based search engines where you give it a prompt, right? It's like a funnel. it gives you an answer, then you prompt it again, gives you another answer, back and forth, back and forth until the answer you have satisfies the search intent of your original prompt. So again, the search landscape is changing. It's super uncertain and uncertainty brings leverage, which makes marketing work, and that's why they're paying so much for someone to be able to um market Claude through SEO, through search engine optimization, and as they say, in an over evolving search landscape. So, if you think SEO is dead, if you think search optimization is no longer a thing, well, I beg to differ. I think you're wrong. I think now more than ever, even as biased as I am, I own a software business in the SEO space. As biased as I am, which is a lot, you can't argue with the fact that the search landscape is changing. And in my opinion, that change brings opportunity, which brings leverage, which makes marketing work. Hopefully, you agree with me on here. Maybe not. Maybe some of you guys do, maybe some of you guys don't. That being said, regardless of of of your opinion or my opinion, they're paying a hefty salary. That's around it's around $27,000 a month, right, for SEO, which is pretty interesting. And so, if you guys want to learn SEO, maybe be hired by these guys, who knows, you know, or maybe some other company uh for to do SEO for them, I suggest you click here to watch this one. If you watch this the whole thing through, you'll have every single thing you need to know how to do SEO. Maybe, who knows, get hired eventually by someone who's paying maybe maybe half of this. Even if it's like 100k a month, a year, excuse me, or 200k a year, it's a pretty good salary. Um, who knows? But first, you need to learn it. So, click here to watch this one this video. You guys can learn how to do SEO the right way. Cheers. Take care. Bye.