Title: and people keep saying SEO doesn&#39;t work in 2026
Date: 2026-06-26
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=WN-gUKq0_qI

This guy right here, Brian Kelly, sold his blog for $28 million and the blog is called The Points Guy. Is estimated to make between 30 to 60 million dollars a year. This is the website. Pretty straightforward blogging site. If you're still wondering if blogging still works, well, this is proof it does. On top of that, not only does he publish these amazing pieces of content, blog articles, right? But, he publishes news pieces, right? He has a dedicated section for the latest news on his niche. Again, the blog is called The Points Guy where it talks about reward points, travel miles, upgrades from like coach to like business class, all this stuff, hyper niche specific. And I want to show you like, for example, if we go up here, click news, right? Copy this URL right here where again he just has a bunch of the latest news in the points space. Delta adds new Bay Area routes as it grows Austin focus city yet again. They get whatever. Hotel points. All these right here. Copy this URL, paste it in here. This URL gets almost 100,000 people a month in traffic going to it, okay? Gets a bunch of mentions across LLMs as well. Point being that all these news that are under this menu are also at {slash} news and then the the news piece name, okay? These news get 100,000 visitors every single month. Now, why is this important? Well, it's because you can do the exact same thing. I've been saying this for a long time. Like, regardless of your niche, you can have a dedicated news section on your site that aggregates and writes the latest news in your niche, right? That drives a ton of traffic to your site. For example, the example I gave last week, these guys, teslarati.com. All they do is write news about the latest things that are happening in the Tesla space, right? SpaceX IPO, Tesla robot taxi, whatever. And what they do with all this traffic is sure, they make some money off of ads, they make some money off of affiliates, but the goal is to drive traffic to their shop where they sell you or the people interested in this Tesla car part supplies like floor mats, whatever. Like you get the point. Organizers. So, the goal is to use news, I mean whichever niche you're in, to drive traffic to your main business. In this case, these guys sell Tesla car parts. These guys are huge affiliates from credit card companies. But again, what they do again is pretty straightforward. You go here. You can even look at the the pages. Let's do the do this slide right here. If we go to top pages real quick here. I can open up these news pieces right here. This is pulling in 6,000 people every single month, okay? Let's see here. Again, by the way, this is supposed to last like a couple months ago. So, this is going to just What what happens usually with news pieces is that this eventually drops drops down to zero. So, the traffic's going to drop down to zero. Why? Well, because this news piece is going to become irrelevant. So, this somewhat is still relevant as of now, okay? And again, all of these are simple news pieces, right? With links to the actual In this case, the airlines uh uh actually, this is the same airline. But you usually links to it. With links to the actual like news sources. Again, super simple, super straightforward. And remember, this guy is proof that this guy sold his business for allegedly $28 million, and it's {quote} {unquote} just a blog. It's just written content. It's just news pieces. It's just articles, right? People forget that. Sure, AI can do slop and Sure, AI can do all this, but it it it it you're going to do it in a slop fashion. It's not about the usage of AI or not. AI can do this as good as him. Usually, the issue is that people just use AI without properly prompting it or properly having the right input so that the outputs are great so that the output of the content is actually valuable. So, sure, AI can write an article like this like this. Six ways to maximize your new Royal Caribbean Visa cards, right? AI can do this, right? But not in a way that these guys do it. And I want to go over how how they're doing it. I mean, I I made a video on this, so I'll link it down below cuz there's a special I guess a particular way in which you need to write content nowadays. And Google has told us about this that Google doesn't care if it's AI, humans, dogs writing the content, whichever whoever writes the content, right? Or whatever writes the content. It's about, okay, is this adding any value to the web? Is this piece of content providing a new experience a new take on something? Something proprietary. In this case, it is for for for different different different reasons. But um again, I went over that about a week ago. I'll link that video down below on how to actually produce content that actually ranks and gets mentioned and actually is valuable and how not to produce AI slop. My point is that with this, like I I feel like I haven't made my point across on how powerful these news sections are. You can literally, if you sell Pokémon cards, if you have an agency, if you have a software business, if you have like e-commerce or doesn't matter. You can have a dedicated news section on your site, right? And then just pump out a ton of news, right? And these will drive in a ton of traffic to your business from qualified people. People interested in reading interested, excuse me, in reading news about the new Delta Delta business class, right? You can assume that they're interested in buying or or in in card credit card points, right? So then these guys sell them credit card points or affiliate affiliate type things, right here. People interested in like learning about the Teslas launching the new factory, whatever, right? These people maybe are Tesla investors, maybe they own actual they maybe they actually own a car a Tesla car. So, well, they're the perfect people to then then siphon in to these products right here. And again, this can be applied across the board to any industry you need to be applied to. So, the process is simple. Have a website, write a bunch of news, and then funnel that traffic in from the news to an actual product or service. Doesn't matter if you don't have a product, right? You can still do affiliate. These guys, I don't think they even have a product. They just do affiliate. They just send off people to like these credit card companies and just make money off of the affiliate commission. So, you can you can do affiliate. You can have your own products, right? You can do a lot of stuff right here. So, don't just rely on the classic blog, right? Sure, these guys have a blog as well with guides, but don't just rely on this. This is very competitive, very hard. It's still 100% possible and I still think I mean, I'd say reason why I'm not like going over this blog in depth is because I think most people have nailed this down and I I wanted to give you guys more strategies, more more ways to get more traffic. Again, they're all their news the the every single news in their news the slash news page has 100,000 people a month going and reading those news pieces, okay? Qualified people. Same thing with these guys right here. If I go here and copy this right here, I just paste it in here real quick. Uh see here. They pull in uh almost 300,000 people through to their site. And if you go look at the top pages so the so the pages on their site that bring in this this traffic, right? For example, if you open up any of these right here, this private right here, Delta Airlines rejects Starlink. Reason will shock you. It's literally a news piece, a simple short news piece, right? And again, this is pulling in uh 17,000 people every month. Now, again, in like 2 weeks or now, 3 weeks or now, it's going to go down go down to zero the traffic because this will stop being a relevant piece of news. But until then, they pull in a ton of people which again will read through this. They have their calls to action here to their products. I mean, there's they just drive a ton of traffic just by simply producing news pieces, right? And you too can do this regardless of what your niche is. And remember, these guys sold for 30 28 million dollars. Now, this is simple, it's not easy, right? If it were easy, everyone would do it, but it is quite simple. And you can do this using Cloud Code right now. So, if you guys want to learn how to do this, well, click here to watch this. I literally made a video on how to use Cloud Code to do this exact thing, to do this in this exact same strategy. So, click here to watch that. And again, please, don't just watch. Actually implement this. This works for any niche, any industry, regardless of what you sell, having a dedicated news section. And you can do this with Cloud Code, and then you can have it fully automated. Cloud will do do the research, will automatically generate the news pieces, and will automatically publish them to your site. Literally fully on autopilot. You just have to set it up once, and when it's once it's live, well, it's going to run forever. So, click here to watch this, and please actually go out and implement it, cuz I do want to see you guys see uh get results. Because if you guys get results, well, I stay happy, and I'm sure and I can be sure, I guess, that these videos actually provide value. So, click here to watch it, please. And yeah, I'll I'll see you there. Cheers.