Title: How to do Parasite SEO in 2026
Date: 2026-06-25
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=cD2rDC0slvc

So, I'm going to teach you how to do parasite SEO in a couple of minutes. So, if you don't know what parasite SEO is, parasite SEO S E O search engine optimization. It's basically the process Excuse me, of taking a site that's not yours, that's calling it parasite, and using it and parasiting it, siphoning off of its authority to rank that site on Google. Now, you might be wondering, "Okay, why would I rank someone else's site on top of Google? How does that benefit me?" Well, the whole goal here is to rank sites that Google trusts on domains Google trusts, like LinkedIn, Medium, Notion, uh even Canva can now Canva allows you to create sites and pages on there, and take that domain and create a page on that domain, then optimize it in such a way that that page ranks higher than even your site, another person's sites for a certain keyword. Now, not all keywords work for this. For example, if you type in the keyword on Google how to make money online, most likely the SERPs, the search engine ranking pages, won't be um parasite domains. Meaning, it won't be LinkedIn, it won't be maybe it will be Reddit, but it won't be Notion, it won't be all those ones or Medium, because it's such a competitive keyword. Parasite SEO works for less competitive niches where the authority of these domains can shine. Now, I have a full course on this by the way on YouTube. It's free. It's uh 40 minutes long, which goes over all this uh in depth some on this YouTube channel called Vascos SEO Tips. I go over some examples, I go over like all the boring stuff. Um but, um the idea here is that you're leveraging the high authority of these other domains to produce content on their domains, right? And rank for keywords you want to rank for, cuz let's say your domain has a domain uh domain uh DR or domain rating of um 20. And this is measured with Ahrefs. Maybe I'm being a bit too technical here, but so there's ways in which you can measure the authority of your domain. Uh yeah, LinkedIn for example has a domain authority of 99 or 92. Okay? Now, all these metrics can be vanity, but we do we can trust them to some extent. So, LinkedIn has a domain domain authority or domain rating of a 91. You have like one of like maybe 20, 30, maybe 50. If you take your domain and you take LinkedIn's one and you produce exact same piece of content on both, the likelihood of LinkedIn's the the content you produce on LinkedIn's domain ranking higher is much more than on yours. This is why for example Forbes.com ranks for a bunch of stuff because even though they produce content about random stuff like what's the best energy drink to drink um in February 2026, right? They can easily outrank a website that just talks about energy drinks because Forbes has an incredibly high domain rating or domain authority in Google's eyes. So, the idea here is you leverage and you siphon and parasite off of these domains.