Title: The best AI SEO software
Date: 2026-06-25
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=XRdjtxVahvo

So, I built the software that's responsible for these results and many others. In other words, ranking sites on Google. This We took this site from zero to almost 30 thousand a month in visitors, as you can see right here, and getting a bunch of mentions in LLMs. Now, the software is called Arvo, A R V O W, and here's exactly what it does. It does a bunch of stuff, but I'm just going to show you the coolest features. So, the most recent one is you can go here to analytics and reports, click LLM brand monitors, and you can add your brand. Okay, and we can track for what prompts it shows up in multiple LLMs. We can see if it shows up on ChatGPT, Claude, Gemini, Perplexity, and on top of that, we can see the sentiment, because yeah, sure, you can show up in LLMs, but you never know if they're trash talking you. For example, for this prompt right here, how to automatically generate and post articles to my blog, we show up on only one LLM right here. Only Perplexity is mentioning our brand. We can see how they're mentioning our brand, and as well as the sentiment, which in this case is very positive. I can go here, I can add as many prompts as I want, or I can just bulk import a bunch of prompts. That's the very first cool feature. Second one is we can fully automate our content production. You can go here, create a new autoblog, and with this automatic blog, basically, you connect your site with Arvo right here, and we do the keyword research, right? Then we generate content based off of that keyword research, and we publish that content to your site automatically. That's how these guys were able to achieve these insane results so, so fast. On top of that, right, you can also set up an integration where we can actually automatically connect with any of these CMSs, regardless of which business CMS you use, Shopify, WordPress, Wix, Squarespace, it doesn't matter. We connect with everything. And by the way, if you're wondering if there's only that one case study, no, there's many more. If you go here to resources, case studies, there's a full wall of multiple case studies of different people in different businesses using Arvo, and as well as ourselves. We actually use Arvo ourselves, A r v o w, to increase our leads by 38%. This is a full-on case study. There's even a video about it that I made a couple of weeks ago on how we're achieving it. Again, this is an increase not in brand mentions, but in actual leads. People who are coming for to our site from ChatGPT. And that's then using Arvo. We use Arvo ourselves, so we do practice what we preach. There's a bunch more cool stuff this does, like the site optimizer feature where you just add your site right here, add the language, add how many pages you want to do to analyze, and then we come up with our AI agents that analyze your site for a bunch of all these boring stuff. For instance, this is to internal links, right? And we find pages on your site, and then what it does is that it says, "Hey, listen, you you think you should link We think, excuse me, you should link this page with this one using this anchor text." We give you the why as well. And if you agree with this, you can just hit apply, and our AI will just just like that automatically create that internal link for you. It's good for schema as well, which is this little snippets of code you can add to your site. You just add it just like that. Meta descriptions can work everywhere else you need all text and a bunch more stuff. Again, Arvo does so much for you, and by the way,