Title: Most important factor for A.I. citation
Date: 2026-05-04
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=L2SzqynqoF0

Now, before I go on, here's one thing that you really need to know. All the AI bots need to trust you, your brand, your company, your reputation, if they're going to cite you. So, let's get into some AI SEO tactics around brand and reputation. Start to regularly check AI platforms for what it knows and thinks about your brand. Some prompts you can use are, what can you tell me about my brand, and what does my brand do? Here's an example of what would come up in ChatGPT. If you see anything that's wrong or inaccurate here, you need to take action in this next step. Take control of your brand narrative. LLMs learn about your business and its reputation from the following places: Google Business Profile, Yelp, LinkedIn, Trustpilot, and so forth. Make sure you've claimed these listings, and their information matches your website's about and FAQ pages, and the reviews. Bro, do everything you can to maintain a high star rating. The number of reviews and average rating has a stupid amount of control over your AI SEO rankings. And, don't just collect reviews on these profiles. Highlight them visibly on your website. Next is an industry secret that every OG SEO knows. If you want to improve your website's trust and reputation in Google's eyes, get high-quality links from relative domains. The oldest story [music] in SEO. Backlinks from reputable sites act as trust signals for both users and AI systems. Now, this isn't a paid promo. In fact, they don't know I'm dropping this at all, but these days I've been getting high-authority links from simplymedia.digital. The quality for price is just way too good. If you like us to take a look at your SEO, head on over to the searchinitiative.com, and use the form at the bottom to reach out. We'd be happy to take a look at your site and let you know what we can do for you. $1,000 off your first month until the end of the month.