Title: How 5,000 SEO Visits Got Her Client’s Local Business Bought by Private Equity
Date: 2026-06-25
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=Jeh-fidkR48

Tiffany, welcome back to the show. Thank you for coming. Thank you for coming back on. >> Thanks for having me. >> All right, so second time on Jessica, I'm going to give you a background real fast. Before SEO, you were doing copywriting for Screen Rant. You're writing like 20,000 words a week, which is insane. >> Way too much. >> Yeah. Now you're doing a ton of SEO copywriting. You're specialized in SEO copyrightiting. You took a local dental client from zero traffic to 130,000 monthly organic visits with just doing basically I think it was like one blog post a week. >> Yep. Yep. >> For a few years, but yeah, a week >> for a few few years. And then and you said each post should naturally lead people to the next one. >> Yes. Yes. Kind of like a like a TV show, like a series. >> Yeah. I Yeah. I love that. I love that. Uh you you talked about one-s sentence storytelling which is like tiny personal details that make content more memorable. >> Yes. Yeah. Um I call it SEO storytelling. Um well one-s sentence storytelling but with the SEO altogether. SEO storytelling just makes it more personable and also people will find you. >> Yeah that's actually Google just started talking about it calling it non-commodity content. >> I don't know. Yeah. saying basically you want to have you want to actually have the personal details in. You want to make your content especially top offunnel content >> feel more real, more authentic. >> Yeah. Yeah. Especially with titles and things like that with the AI overviews taking over. If you can put something personable in the title, people are going to be more likely to click on that. I'm that's my theory. Um, but if you say like, you know, how I did this thing versus five ways, you know, this is for blog titles obviously, but um, you know, versus like five ways to grow on goo like or grow your website traffic. Um, you would say something like how I grew my website traffic to 130,000 in 2 years. >> This method of marketing is so effective, I had to make sure it wasn't against Google's rules before I kept doing it. It's a form of SEO I call compact keywords. Whereas most SEO focuses on putting up articles to answer questions, how, what, when, compact keywords focuses on putting up dozens of pages that sell to searchers who are actually looking to buy. These pages rank on Google and convert so much better than normal that when I discovered this years ago, I couldn't believe this was allowed. It's less work, too. The average compact keywords page is only 415 words. Compact Keywords is a 13-hour deep course on getting sales with SEO. A customer recently said, "Each lesson is dense with information. You're giving years worth of experience boiled down into 15 to 30 minute lessons with no filler or fluff. I feel like I'm gaining a new superpower. Compact Keywords is about setting up an SEO funnel that brings you sales for years and years and years. It works with AI. It's less work than traditional SEO and it makes way more money. You can get it now at compactkeywords.com. Back to the podcast. How does that come into play with AI overviews? >> I think that when people are searching on Google AI overviews, you know, they uh Google will ideally link multiple people um as references in the AI overview. I think people are more likely to click on something uh that's more personable uh if they do at all. You know, we're going into like this zero click world. Um but you know, I think we have a long way to go in terms of figuring out how AI like chat GBT cla and all that is going to reference uh our websites and our blogs and things like that. Uh but hopefully they'll inject because they will recommend Reddit a lot and people go to Reddit because they want the personable stories. So ideally if you start injecting more of your own story and personality into your blogs and your copy uh ideally AI would also take that into account like this person says they did this kind of thing. >> Well that makes a lot of sense. You would think that someone would be like, "Okay, so the AI overview has all these citations. It's citing all these different uh all these different blog posts, maybe some pages, a variety of content, but you would you would be more likely to click on something that said like I did this rather than just a generic blog title." >> Right. Right. And to be fair, like the like the dental client I had did back in the day, we didn't do that at all. It was traditional like I mean it was kind of boring topics like uh well not boring for them but you know how the procedure for root canals like how it works or what you should know about root canals procedures you know so kind of boring titles and nowadays obviously AI Chad GBT can kind of just give you the rundown of that um but it's also why I think that getting SEO and good copy on like the main pages of your website not just your blogs is going to help you more than anything. >> How do you So, how do you and and and the last thing that I was going to say for your background is you've worked in all niches and I think uh let me know if there's like anything that I should add to your background, but how do you how do you do uh those like more personal titles in Yeah. in like something like dental, something like roofing, um something like software? Um, so something like roofing for example, I always think of I I can't remember his name, but it's not he's not a roofing guy, but landscaping um is what he does. Like there's a guy >> Oh. Who goes around? Okay. Okay. >> He goes around and he does free yard work for people's yards. >> Um and he just like films it all. And it's usually somebody who can't handle it on their own, things like that, or can't afford it. And I'm pretty sure he has millions of followers. And it's just that kind like that's storytelling. That's something people want to see. They want to see like the good in the world and things like that. So he's not even promoting his services. But um so but something like that I guess you know putting it into a blog, you know, I'm trying to think of what you could do. I mean really just at the end of the day you have to decide if you want to tell it from your own perspective like here's what I learned or do you want to tell it from your client's perspective like here's what I did for my client and you know that way you could also get testimonials in there and like here's what they said about it uh here were the direct results from you know this blog getting on page one of Google um like I have a client who owned a a landscaping business and he ended up selling it because their traffic was doing so Well, and um and and it was just like I guess there's a lot of there's a company buying a bunch of landscaping companies in Florida, but uh they had good traction on their website. I think we're at like 5,000 a month, which is, you know, pretty good for a local landscaping company. Um but just taking for him what I did was more like dad humor in his blogs. Like it was his that was like the brand voice I was trying to do. So just trying to be relatable in that way. So yeah, decide if you want to tell it from your own perspective and using statements like I um and telling your own stories, even the one-sided storytelling where you just like slide in a tidbit, you know, about you um or if you want to tell it from your client's perspective. But then I think also a big part of storytelling is having that voice that you can differentiate from others. So, injecting dad humor if that's your style or swearing if that's your thing. So, >> what type of what type of content with the 5,000 uh it was the landscaping business. Was that like a mix of of So, you have like the top of the funnel, the middle of the funnel, the bottom of the funnel. Was that like a mix of all of them or or was that like just one part? >> It was mostly um honestly a lot of bottom of the funnel. like their they did landscaping and um pest control. So their biggest one is >> that they got traction from was something like what is the keyword uh what is mouse poop or cockroach poop one of the two look like. Um so super fascinating riveting stuff to write about. But you know, then you talk about you think about the problems and like how much people are freaking out like if they find that stuff in their house and you try to relate to that with him. It was like dad jokes and humor. >> So that's so that's so top of funnel. >> Yeah. Yeah. What did I say? Bottom of funnel. >> Yeah. So top of funnel like informational stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um and then and then of course we also wanted people who are like ready to spend money on um pest control or lawn care services. So they were in Tampa. So, they showed up for um I think it was Tampa Bay lawn care, South Tampa lawn care services, which that was for their service page. So, people who are ready to spend money would Google South Tampa lawn services or, you know, if they're in South Tampa lawn services near me, they would pop up. Those people are like, "Perfect. We love the copy on the page. We like what they have to offer." They would hire them versus somebody googling, "What does mouse poop look like?" they could be living in California and it still, you know, showed up on uh the front page of Google or the first page of Google. Um but they and they told me like my client said they got calls from all over Florida like for um another big blog of theirs was how to grow grass in sandy soil, which I picked that topic because I had problems with that at my house at the time. Um and so I was like, well, people could relate to this. So, and then checked the keywords. Lots of people were searching for it. So, they were getting calls from all over Florida. So, then they thought about expanding. Um, but ended up just selling the whole business. >> That's interesting. Okay, that makes sense. Yeah. So, you're saying that they were getting basically just like just from 5,000 clicks a month and it was a lot of it was like top offunnel content. That was that w literally was enough for another bit for I guess maybe a bigger lawn care and pest control business to just buy them for the SEO that they have. >> Mhm. Yeah. >> Or maybe was it was like a private equity or something that >> exactly a private equity firm. Yeah. >> Yeah. >> Um and they they had they no they didn't run any ads that I was aware of. Um and no social media. like I did their social media like got them some, you know, carousol posts and gave suggestions on how to do like Tik Tok SEO and everything and videos they could shoot like the founder could shoot before they sold. Um, but people business owners are busy and they're like, I want to do this. I just don't have time. So, and the blogs were doing all the leg work. So, >> that's really cool. I mean, like 5,000 a month is very attainable for a lot of for a lot of people listening. And just to to have an exit, just a really easy exit like that. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I don't think it was part of their plan. I think the opportunity just presented itself and they're like, >> "Yeah, >> yeah, >> cool. >> Let's do something else." Now, >> how how do you how do you balance writing for humans versus writing for Google versus writing for AI search? >> So, I don't because I've always written for humans. Um I I guess I've always looked at it even when I you know and I still focus on SEO. Um I pick the keyword first. Well actually I guess in terms of picking keywords you know you start with like your content buckets or you know your topical authority pieces. I always say like three to four um and then pick one and then you start brainstorming like okay well what problems do people have like you know from bottom of the funnel top of the funnel content to the bottom um and so start there by literally brainstorming or I'll even research on Reddit what problems are people having and then I'll double check. So, as an example, you know, like let's say like like >> I like the I like the Reddit thing, by the way. I like the Reddit. I like the Reddit approach. Going on Reddit, seeing what problems people are having. >> Mhm. I had this um really really bad habit a couple years ago for a couple years of my guilty pleasure was reading uh like best of Redditor updates, just people's stories. And I'm such a curious person. I'm like, I just want to know what's going on in people's lives. So I kind of do the same thing naturally I think just as a writer in general. Um because I do writing like I'm a writer first SEO second. Um so just naturally I'm like well what are people wanting to do? Like you know if I'm an expert in the topic so SEO for example or copywriting I know based on just doing this for such a long time instinctually like what problems people are having like where do the keywords go? How many keywords should I have? Um, you know, those are all questions that people have. Um, and then you take the questions you think people will have, double check them in a keyword research tool. Um, and then see if the volume's good enough to create content around. And then from there all I really do when I am whether it's you know sales copywriting for like your homepage about page service pages or a blog I just try to think of what they're thinking and what they're feeling. So again, the dad humor with my other client, like, you know, saying stuff like, "Oh, so you've seen these little bits of pieces of, you know, it looks like coffee grounds and you think it might be cockroach poop and you're freaking out, you know, like something like that, you know, obviously not that verbatim, but kind of just like a natural conversation. So that's the way I write. Like you're talking to a person. Um, which is also what what AI wants. I think AI more than anything wants things to be more comprehensive. Like they want all the questions answered, which I think with blogs, but also sales pages and everything, you should have been doing anyway. That's what the FAQ section is for. That's why on your sales pages, you want to list your deliverables, your your pricing, because that's what people want all as much information as they can. like they are so many people are so hesitant to buy from people nowadays that they want as much information as possible and that goes into like you know the buyer types and everything there's analytical buyers there's amical buyers you know all the different types but I think people are becoming a lot more analytical and wanting to know prices and everything so in terms of like how to write for SEO AI and humans Start your research with wondering like a human first approach like what are people having problems with? Double check that with a keyword research tool to see if there's volume. So SEO um and then when it comes to actually writing the copy, the blogs, anything like that, you know, throw in the keyword a couple times. I still do that. You know, people say it's not about putting the keyword as much as you can. It's not. It never has been in my opinion. I thought we quit keyword stuffing years ago, but you know, if you're saying, you know, a you're writing a blog on how many times should I use a keyword in a blog post? Well, what would a follow-up question for that be? Include that as well. And usually that's another keyword. And that's usually something AI would do instinctually is answer your next question before you even ask it. So, do >> you think do you think uh the way to do blog content with SEO has changed over the years? Um yes uh I would say especially like three years ago when chat GBT became so big uh answering the question immediately became like you have to do this so you'll get recommended well now that it's the AI overview but um or was it the featured snippet? >> Yeah. And you know, >> um, if you wanted them to quote you verbatim, you know, you wanted to answer the question right away right underneath your like H2 headings. >> Um, so that I think needs to be done. Also, just formatting, I think, is such a big thing. You know, people, as much as they say they don't want to read, and they they truly don't. Like, a lot of people don't. They skim. I skim, you know, um formatting with bullet points and things like that, just making things pop out as people are skimming. Um but as much as people say they don't read, now so many people are using chat GBT and it's mostly words. So I think people maybe are hopefully reading more than they used to. >> I think the biggest I think the biggest thing is giving the answer right away. I feel like very fluffy. It's a it's a different it's there's a difference between adding like a few words here and there to to make a blog post more personal versus paragraphs of fluff which is what was the norm I think 3 years ago >> and there have been a lot of huge blogs that have had their downfall because they were putting out SEO content targeting keywords but they weren't actually answering the things that people yeah the question until like way down in the content and and >> so annoying. >> Yeah. And it's it's terrible and people really hate it and that's it sends the worst user signals to Google as well. >> It's Yeah, >> I think the best thing you can do is answer the question right away and then again think like a human. Um think what their follow-up question would be. So I have a blog if you Google um cheap SEO tools. Mine is the top one there and the title I can't even remember. I'll have to look it up. But >> cheap cheap SEO tools, huh? Yeah, >> that's cool. >> So, the first one >> Oh, there you are. >> Yeah. Three cheapest SEO tools. My honest review of each one. So, >> no, that's a cool that's a cool title. >> Yeah. >> And you capitalized each. That's what's up. >> Yeah. Each one. >> Yeah. >> But and then so like if you look at it, which can't right now, but >> I'm looking I'm looking at it. I'm I'm I have it on my screen. Okay. You say, "All right, it's time. Let's talk about the cheapest SEO tools. So, you have the keyword right there. >> Yeah. Personally, I've been using Uber Suggest since I went full-time with my business in 2019. Lately, I can't stand it. >> Oh, why can't you stand it? There's the hook. >> Oh, >> yeah. Also, okay, so that I just wrote an email about this last night. So, it's kind of it's an open loop now. People want to know why. Like, so immediately in the beginning, do some storytelling from your personal experience, your client, whatever. And then also you can see I bold bolded it in case people are skimming. So if I say something like I can't stand it, they're going to be like why can't which one can't she stand? Which keyword tool and why not? So it's an open loop. It creates a question in their head and they want it answered now. And um and then you know I say stuff like the past few months I'm being a silly goose and using three different tools. Never do that because it will drive you crazy. Um, but but then of course you have things like my first H2 heading is what is a keyword research tool? I you know likely somebody looking up cheap SEO tools already knows what a keyword research tool is, but just in case there's somebody who might not know, you want to have that there, but I'm I have it in my head. People probably like scroll past that part. Um, and then the content would be better without it. >> The the blog post. >> Yeah. Um I like looking back at it now because I wrote this a year ago I think. Um I can see it working better maybe towards the bottom. >> But that's but that that that's a lesson as well which is like you when you actually look at things with fresh eyes like the improvements to make become so clear. >> And I think and I think that's the case that's the case with with everybody. It's it's why content pruning and updating content is such an important thing in SEO. It's really an overlooked thing. Your first version of what you wrote likely is like garbage compared to what it could be. >> And honestly, I always tell like I have a um membership called SEO Storytellers where it's like writing blogs. I'm like just get one done a week. And I was like actually just publish it when it's not done because one, it isn't going to rank soon. Nobody's on your website like they are social media checking for your newest post. like for the most part, you know, you're just waiting for that to rank on Google or get recommended to chatbt or claude or whatever and unless you're like sending it out to your email list, but even if it's not finished, you can go back and edit it. It's like the only type of content where you can do that. You know, you can't go back and well, I guess you can like a YouTube video, but you know, usually a YouTube video sits as it is forever. You're not going to go back and edit it. I know you can adjust and take out. >> It's very hard. You don't want to do that. >> Yeah. Yeah. It's not anything and you can't like take >> it's not like ver versus an article on your site. You can edit it as many times as you want. >> Yeah. Yeah. Just publish it. Go back in a couple months when you remember it. >> That's what I do. >> And uh and yeah, just give it a quick edit or add to it. >> How has your style of uh of writing changed since you were writing for Screen Rant versus writing now? I was very long-winded with screen rant. Like I've reread some of my stuff and I'm like I'm trying to sound so just it was too much. And um I also think again in terms of formatting I had really big blocks of text um and they didn't really like teach us anything about how you should be writing. They just taught a little bit of SEO like have your related links and make sure you link to other posts about you know if you're writing about Harry Potter make sure you link as many other Harry Potter posts from your previous writing to you know internal linking or other authors as you can and um so definitely a lot less well I'm still long-winded clearly but um I try to be more concise and I definitely use a lot more personality now than I used to. So like saying silly goose, using swear words because I do that occasionally in real life. So um but I also like an example like the three cheapest SEO tools. I'm like people are going to be scrolling so I put what I like, what I don't like. You know, you could also do pros and cons or whatever, but again sounds a lot more personable if you're like here's what I like, here's what I absolutely despise if you wanted to be, you know, a little bit funny about it. But yeah, basically just more personality and watching formatting and keeping in mind people are skimming. How >> often do you see cool copyrightiting things and you're like, "Oh my god, I got to steal this. I got to remember that. This is awesome." >> Um, I actually keep like a running list on like in my notes app of that if there's like a phrase or a way of doing it. Um, >> yeah, I'm I'm curious. I'm curious of things that that a copywriter like you would write. I um Okay, so like I really like wit. Um so I have something called witty words on my app or my notes app. Um so I can't remember like where these came from. Some of them came from like Tik Tok comments cuz people in Tik Tok comments are hilarious and just like trying to like understand how it looks or whatever. but um or like what the formula is to writing it, but I had written um saying something like there's no way to know when something's like easily googleable. Like so there's no way to know how many hours there are in a day. >> I mean, >> yeah, the jokes the jokes. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. And so witty words. And then I have another one for um if I'm writing for a client who's more I can't remember the the brand voice, but like different brand voice, you know, like I'll keep an eye on all of that because all of my clients have different ways they want to present themselves. So there's the witty one I think is the most fun to write, but then I've had a client like a photographer who wanted to be more vulnerable um because she's a birth photographer. So her website copy that we did was very cuz it's a you know very personable process and she wanted to take her a little bit of her own story. She didn't want to make herself obviously the center but she wanted to be like hey I've been where you've been. I understand you. So you know saying like you know she's had babies in the niku and stuff like that. You know we would one sentence storytelling just throw it in there just like as a relatable thing um to make that connection with people so they'll trust you more. But, uh, >> makes sense. >> Stuff like that. >> Yeah. Like I think brand voice is going to be such a big thing. Um, and I like I personally like practicing it because I'm not somebody who likes to put myself out there and like my own stories. Like I that's why my business is your creative content. I wanted it to be about you and your content and your copy. Um, but over the years like it's just it's so much easier to get people to trust you if you are a little bit more of an open book is what I say. I've always said I'm very much a closed book, but if you can just open it a little bit, >> especially as a business owner, if you're authentic >> and that comes across in in the content on your site, >> are there key places on a website where you really try to add uh authenticity? like places that pages or places that people always look. It could be an about page. It could be the footer. It could be the somewhere on your homepage. Just important places to actually like add that like personal touch so people know that there's a real person behind this business. >> Yeah. Uh I think probably where I focus the most is the homepage and the about page. I also like to do bits of micro copy um like inject personality in there. So in for example in my blogs um I always do links to other related blogs and what I was taught at screen r is just capitalize related you know colon title of another blog. Well instead of putting related in my blogs now I put side quest >> because I say quest all the time like side quest read this blog. Um, so that's a fun thing you can do like in like even your footer just like little micro copy just you know if you want humor in there inject it at the bottom like oh you're down here like check out these like you know something >> that is cool. Yeah that's fun. >> Yeah like what are you doing down here or like your your uh error page like 404. >> Yeah I do I did that with mine. I have a gif I have a gif on my 404 of me face palming. It's just it's a looping gif of just me face palming with then like helpful links and I and I spent so long on my 404 page. >> I know I there's so many opportunities but it's usually you know funny. Mine is Britney Spears and it says oops I did it again or something like that. >> I can't remember and then I was like or no I said it says something like oops I swear I won't do it again but this page doesn't exist anymore or something like that. Um, but yeah, your I think your about page could be the most fun you could have because there's no rules. Um, you know, well, actually I would say the biggest rule about your about page is one, target a keyword. So many people are not targeting like a keyword on their about page when I think it's so easy to like for example um well I'm redoing my whole website right now but and it's hard to choose like where you want keywords for you know your main I call them your like your core pages your homepage about page services page but your about page I always say to pick a keyword that you might have wanted for your homepage like I have website copywriter is the keyword for my homepage Um because if you look well again I have to double check but SEO copywriter was coming up in my keyword research as anformational keyword because I guess a lot of people don't know what that is. Um so I was like well let me try SEO copywriter for my about page. So my about page is going to target the keyword SEO copywriter. And because so many people don't know what it is, I'm gonna make it this whole funny storytelling thing about how I was trying to explain to my uncle what I do and you know it it's like a whole story because every time people are like, "Oh, SEO. What's that?" Or if I say, "I'm a copywriter." They're like, "Oh, law." And I'm like, "No." >> So just injecting some, you know, just what I get in real life onto my about page. Um, but I would say the only rule for your about page is not to do don't make it cliche like we founded this company in 1922 because our core values are A, B, and C. Like a lot of people I think having your core values is very important. I didn't >> Having your founding date is very important but but I I get what you're saying not generic copywriting that sounds like chatt wrote it. >> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and and it's hard for bigger companies that have a lot of people like, and you don't have to inject humor or anything like that, but you know, I >> I want to I want to ask you, I have a side question. How do you So, something that I hear from people is like that they hate copywriting and it's just not fun for them. And so, how do you make it fun? How is it how do you make it fun for you? Like if you were to give advice to somebody like how to have fun with with SEO copywriting, uh how to actually enjoy the process, what would your advice be? Good >> question. Um >> I mean I I love it for me. Like I like researching. I have good music playing. I'm getting in flow state. It's going I'm doing research like >> Okay. I've never thought of that. That's such a good question. Um I think it's fun in general. Well, like it can get overwhelming. You're like, "Ah, what am I trying to say?" Like, "I don't even know like what are words." Um, >> what are words? >> Yeah. Um, I mean, I say this, but you know, I don't do it all the time either, is like don't take it so seriously. So, one of the best exercises you can do, and I do this like not for my copyrightiting, but like just in general, like I found that I'm better sometimes at like journaling or saying my thoughts, just talking to my phone, like voice recording. Do that. Like the first thing, it's so hard to explain what you do. Like even for me, and I'm like, "So, here's what I do." And I'll voice record how I would explain it to a real human. Um, and then you can also do this. And I I always give my clients what I call your business book. And the first tab is your stories. And it's going through like why you started your business, where you want it to go, why that's important to you. Um because then as soon as you figure out like your your own self, you'll it'll become easier to know what you want to say about yourself. So even even looking back on your childhood and being like, you know, for me I was like I wanted I knew I wanted to be a writer in third grade after I read Harry Potter, you know, like is that something that will make it to the end copy of my about page? Probably not, you know, but it might end up somewhere. And it's just like the more you understand yourself and your own history and story and what you value, the easier it is to explain like what you do. So, like for example, I I call myself a hobbyist because I, you know, I have so many hobbies I want to do. Like so many different things. And so for me, >> I remember you talking about that last time. You talked about I think it was like wind surfing. >> Yeah. I still haven't done it yet. >> Oh no. >> But yeah, >> then you talked about some uh blog that was like some wind surfing blog that was crushing with SEO. >> Yes. They never got back to me. So embarrassing. >> That's okay. They never got back back to me either. I invited I invited them on the podcast to talk about their SEO. I mean, I understand though a lot of businesses don't want to reveal if they're crushing with SEO, the last thing that you want to do is is tell an SEO podcast about how you're crushing with SEO, >> right? Like, here's exactly how I did it. >> Yeah. Here's if you want to come into my niche and and take and and compete for my keywords, here's what you got to do. I mean, if they hire an SEO person, they're going to be able to tell what keywords they're using anyway and just steal them. >> Yes. >> But uh but yeah, I think >> Yeah. But but attract Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's true. But even just attracting the just even just announcing the niche as being amazing is like, >> oh, >> cuz there's because there's lots of people who are listening who are who are just thinking like, "Yeah, I can do SEO, but what should I do?" >> Oh, wow. Wind surfing. Okay. Like, let me try do wind surfing e-commerce. I I think there's so I I posted something about I think it was therapist. I'm like therapist there are so many opportunities for keywords. What are you doing? Why are you running ads? Like the competition is really low. Um a lot of the top of the funnel stuff again like it's so hard now with like AI and everything that top of the funnel I think should still be a focus but I think focusing on you know your services and homepage and keywords on those >> services. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Who are ready to buy right now. They're not like, oh, you know, I had a a therapist client and one of her top performing blogs is why do I get sad at night, you know, and that was a big keyword and she gets a lot of traffic from it and it was so underutilized because I'm sure one therapists are busy, you know, that but they also don't know SEO, you know, like are people googling this? Well, use a keyword research tool and you'll know. What are we So, what are the what are the best what are the best cheapest SEO tools? Actually, I that's the open loop that we got to tie. >> Oh, yeah. Open loop. >> Um, okay. So, the the main ones I talk about in that blog, the ones that I've personally used is Uber Suggest, Key Search, and Simrush. I know Simrush isn't cheap, but um I've always used Uber Suggest. I know people have problems with all of that, but um I love it. I think the interface of it is really good and the data I think is more accurate than like key search. I haven't used Key Search in a minute, but I still have, you know, um, an account and everything with them, but I key search reminds me of how Uber Suggest was back in like 2020 where you look up a a keyword like, you know, um, copywriter. And it's like, oh, this gets 10,000 monthly searches and the the SEO ranking difficulty score is eight out of 100, which means it's really easy to rank for. I'm like, there's no way a keyword with that much volume is that easy to rank for like that. I've just seen that a lot on key search for some reason, which is what it was at the beginning with Uber Suggest, but I also have a lot of SEO like colleagues who love key search and the prices are comparable. So, um, but I also think the interface, the back end of Uber Suggests is more seamless and prettier and easier to use than Key Search. Um, but key search is really if you want to feel confident about your keywords and like you're definitely going to rank, I think seeing the the data there might give you the confidence boosts that you need to go after keywords. Um, Sim Rush I think is just I think Simrush is good if you're a copywriter or maybe even a web designer or an SEO specialist of any kind. Um, then it's worth the price. is like I can't remember over 100 bucks a month or however much per year. Um but that one just has it all. So those are my top three. >> Are you are you looking at Google Discover at all? >> No. >> Oh my gosh. Okay. Do you >> uh well I'm having I'm having a Google discover person on um in two days but what's happening with Google Discover is like so anybody who has a Google app you you open up the Google app and then you just see articles or or social media posts >> and you can get so much volume from that uh so much so much traffic from Google discover and a lot of it is just top offunnel interest pieces. It's it's like yeah, a lot of it is just like interesting blog posts or actually I get expo exposts recommended to me all the time with Google Discover. That's like a new thing. I I'm always clicking on something with Google Discover that I think is going to be a blog post and the headline is is pretty good, but it's just an expost, which kind of makes sense because I I really feel like for a very long time, Google has been prioritizing bite-sized content. content that is that is very short, very easy to get >> where you're going to kind of get your answer quickly. It's like one of the just worst feelings ever. If you if you click into something and it takes forever to get to get what you want, it makes sense with videos. There's like like Mr. Beast style videos or something or Mr. Beast style Tik Toks where you give the hook and then you're you're telling a story as you're actually getting to the results of the hook. So, it's like, how long did it take us to to stack a billion pennies onto this Honda Civic? And and there's a whole story involved. Well, actually, first we had to find where we could even get a billion pennies, >> right? >> Yeah. Right. And that's and that's and that that's fun but but and you know what I think with fun style content like that you would see that in Google discover but then there's also like the helpful content where you just want >> wow I just kind of I just talked I just understood Google's had this thing called the helpful content update which decimated a lot of small blogs but but as I'm talking this through it's like helpful content what do you want you want your answer really fast and the a lot of blogs that got really decimated were ones that were writing helpful content but giving the answer really slow just yeah and and this yeah this I could talk about that endlessly because it's you still see it non non-stop one of the biggest WordPress blogs WP Beginner I just made a episode about them they went from 2.6 6 million clicks a month in May 2021 and now they're down to 27,000 clicks a month and that's because all they were like a lot of the stuff that they were writing it was overly self-promotional. So people were searching for for things looking to get an answer, but instead they were getting promotion and it was just a ton of fluff where you would have to dig and sift and scroll and scroll and scroll to find your answer and your answer wouldn't even be good enough because it's so filled with self-promotion and you're looking for helpful content about how to do a WordPress site. Okay. And you're not getting that. Okay. Then >> I I that's probably something I could be better at is the self-promotion, but that's something where I always say self-promotion to like the end. I might inject it a little bit like here and there like three times now. >> Well, then you're doing it you're you're going way on the like you're you're really playing it safe. That's like like compared to the stuff that people are doing now. Like I don't know. Have you seen this the stuff that people are doing with self-promotional listicles where they're where self-promotional listicles is you write like a listical like 10 10 best SEO experts >> in Nevada and you put yourself number one. >> Yeah. Yeah. I've I'm not going to say I haven't done that before. >> It's working well. It's working really well until until people abuse it. It works really well until until then and then what happens? You're like, "Oh my god, this is amazing." And then you abuse it and you pump out you pump out dozens or maybe hundreds and then there's a pattern in your content and in your user signals and and then either your subfolder your blog subfolder will get hit or your entire domain will get hit and >> it's just like oh where did my traffic go? Well, so you abuse this tactic that you should have only done like a handful of times. >> I was going to say I'd probably do it once. >> Yeah, that and once is like really playing it safe. Yeah, that's really what what what content formats do you see winning right now? >> Guides or more listicicals, tools, user generated content. >> Um, I don't know. I'm real big on it's not website at all. It's like social media SEO, I think, is going to be huge. I mean, I think it already is. I just don't think anybody knows how to use it. Um, >> yeah. Wait, what? Fill that hook. Fill that hook. Fill that hook. Yeah, fill that hook. >> I think it's the same concept. I think just so as an example, my three cheapest SEO tools, like one of my last Instagram posts, because I never post on Instagram is my favorite SEO. I just use the same keyword on Instagram and it was like a TLDDR like for the blog. Like if you so and it's more storytelling. It's like my perspective like it's instead of you know if you go to the blog you get the full details. here's what I like, what I don't like, versus cheapest SEO tools. If somebody were to look that on look that up on Instagram, um, ideally that would come up, which I think it does come up. I haven't checked in a minute, but um, but it's like the too long didn't read of the blog and it's just like I like key search, Uber suggest, and Simrush if you want to know. >> Oh my gosh. Yeah. Cheapest SEO tools and and you're number one. And then and then there's the AI overview below your answer, which is that's really cool. The AI overview is actually below what you wrote. Then I'm seeing Reddit. Then I'm seeing rank dots. And then I'm seeing three videos from Casper Dash, who was on the show a few weeks ago, from tool tester, and from SE Ranking. Oh man. >> Yeah. >> But you're seeing you're seeing the you're seeing the UGC. You're seeing the videos there. See, that's my other thing, too, is I just like repurposing content, too. So, you know, you could also just do a Tik Tok video. Use this. And granted, like this, people aren't searching the same like from Google to chat GBT to Pinterest to Instagram, but I don't think it's as different as people like to say that it is. Um, because cheapest SEO tools, like there's cheap SEO tools, like you know, it's just semantics at that point. um people like the search volume might be different, the competition might be different from platform to platform, but I think and I know people disagree with me, but I've been doing it for years and it works. So, try it out. But if you pick a keyword to write a blog about, use that same keyword and make the too long didn't read version for Instagram or Tik Tok or YouTube shorts um and give the condensed version and just use the same keyword. Give the answer right away. Um, >> oh, that's the best that's the best strategy. Everybody should be doing that. Yeah, people don't want to make video content, but like if you if you can if you can do the if if you can do it, it what you just described is the best. Have a keyword as you're writing the content. May it depends on people like maybe it takes a few days to write a to write it's a blog post or a conversion based SEO landing page, but every day just make a different social post about and honestly it doesn't have to be video. It could be a just a short post on LinkedIn and and X. You take the same written content that comes out on X and LinkedIn and threads and Facebook. You you just use the same because all of these places are ranking extraordinarily well. I saw somebody who uh who he he named himself he just like wrote a LinkedIn post about like the top AI visibility experts in 2026. He wrote this as a LinkedIn post and then when you search top AI visibility experts in 2026 or something like that, he was number one from the AI overview which was citing his own LinkedIn post >> and yeah >> I uh I was talking to a friend who's like a marketing director at like a you know she had a 9 to5 kind of thing and we were talking about AE O a whatever acronym you want to use and I wrote a blog called it's like I think it's my the last blog I wrote was AEO versus AIO versus SEO and why it's all [ __ ] And so it's this whole blog explaining like the differences and like whatever. And I think if you Google AIO copywriter, I show up, >> right? Why do you think why do you think people like you you meet business owners all the time who are just like they're like, I don't understand SEO. What is like why do you think and or or even SEOs who have been doing SEO for like a few years and they're still like this is the hardest thing ever and and why do you think so many people still struggle with SEO? >> I think a lot of people still I think back in the day it used to be very technical. I don't think it's been that way for since I've been doing it. Um, I've not ever done like I've not used Screaming Frog or done a lot of the technical like I think a lot of people think you have to know you know you say H2 heading H1 heading and people are thinking oh coding and it's like yes you can get that technical and get into it but you don't have to especially nowadays with you know you go to Squarespace and you just change your heading from an H2. >> You really can use Squarespace and do some awesome SEO with Squarespace. people people don't don't realize. >> Yeah. Any any website honestly and um I think a lot of people >> Squarespace out it's out of the box as well. Squarespace is like you you don't have to do any special technical setup with Squarespace. You can just create a Squarespace and then start doing SEO. >> Literally just it's just words. It's I think that's what I've always looked at it and probably why I just naturally like as a writer. I started off as a blog writer not knowing SEO and then of course you learn SEO as you go and uh and I'm like oh this is easy. you're just using a certain word as like the topic and then just putting it in there a couple times and answering the question that people the way I explain SEO is people have a question and you answer it like the keyword is the question or you know it it doesn't have to be a question it could just be copyriter near me or restaurant near me but in their head they're thinking where's a good restaurant I can go to you know where's a good Italian restaurant like you know if you want to get super niche on the keyword but that's how I explain SEO and same thing with like AIO and everything. People just want answers. Just answer people's questions. That's really all it is. And just answer them like a human, you know? So, what is AIO? You know, what is SEO? Just answer it how you would answer the person in front of you if they were asking, >> which is why the talk to text if you're not a writer really helps. >> Before uh before we go, because when I when I said, "Hey, come back on the show." I said, "Let's just do a short copyrightiting episode." Um, do you do you No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm having I'm having fun. This is exactly what what I hoped it would be. Um, I really like I like I like you sharing your your copyrightiting stories and things that you've written about recently and just things that you're seeing. So, like any any cool things that you're excited about that you've done recently. Um, I recently did um some copy for a local chocolate shop actually um in Tampa and they're like huge. They're viral on Instagram and Tik Tok and uh they basically like we did their messaging and the messaging kind of what I was suggesting played into needing to change their whole brand strategy and their look and everything. So, they're working on that. Um cuz it kind of all ties together. But I'm really excited to see how it all plays out because they already did pretty well showing up like locally, but they're trying to get more into um corporate gifting. So excited to see how that goes. That's my thing too with SEO is like once you do it, you start seeing how many monetary opportunities there are. um cuz you'll find keywords and you're like, "Oh, I can sell this extra thing and maybe it's not as much work or you know, a lot of people are searching for this thing." Um but yeah, in general, like I was really excited about that. I love and maybe it's a a problem that I have once I do copywriting and SEO research for clients. I'm like, you could also have all these other pages and sell all these extra things. here are all of these other monetary opportunities and uh >> what did the client say? I I actually I just had I had another SEO on a few weeks ago and she said the same thing. She's like doing keyword research. She had like some candle client and she's like, "Oh, like we found that there was this opportunity for these types of candles that we didn't offer." And so then we started offering them and it became our best-selling item because we saw that so many people were just searching for this. used keyword research as business development or yeah or as business excuse me as business research and uh yeah that's huge >> when I do uh copy for my clients like not the blog and you know the homepage and everything nine times out of 10 I have to have them restructure their offer suite or I give like if it's e-commerce like say like hey do you sell this too because this is a good keywords like your the candle client from your other guest. Um, but usually it's keyword research and then offer suite restructuring because it's like, hey, here's all these other other opportunities like figure out what you want to do. Like here, you know, here's these other things you could be offering. Figure out like what drains you. You know, maybe this service wouldn't take as much mental or, you know, physical labor. Um, so maybe we'll start we'll create a page for this as well so that you know we can expand your business and it's always like it's in the background. You don't have to promote it on social media or anything like that. It's just let's see if we can get this ranking this service page ranking on Google and if that does well then it's an supplemental income for you. >> You're Wait, so you're working with this company that's already successful on Tik Tok and I guess IG reels as well. And so are you are you also saying like take these keywords and please use them on Tik Tok? Please use them on Instagram. >> We didn't get that wasn't I always offer social media SEO like consulting. That wasn't an add-on because it was kind of they're already doing pretty well. Okay. >> Um >> and so they they they're like so they just wanted to do it with their with their website. >> They're doing Yeah. their homepage, their about page, their e-commerce, um their collection pages, and mostly like their corporate gifting because that's their focus this year is corporate gifting. So that was the big one. Um, and then you know I gave them a plan of here's the first I think it was like four blogs you should write to point to the your corporate gifting page. Um, but then we also did messaging. So talking about messaging they're like okay maybe we need a little rebranding. So I think that's what they're doing right now. But uh there's just >> I I think the opportunity when you have a platform like that and you want to actually do SEO with your website is really big because you can make something like a linkable asset that people will actually want to link to. And then and the thing the the problem with linkable assets for a lot of people is they're like I made it. I I made but what do I do now? How do I get people to see it? How do I get that spark so that people are actually going to share it? So maybe you have like some cool research report or you have a tool a really cool tool on your site or you you made some like really funny page on your site that's like full of jokes that people are going to share. But how do you get people to see it? Oh, I got to I got to send it to journalists. Oh my god, I got to start cold emailing journalists and or or cold emailing influencers. But if you actually already have the platform, so you're big on Tik Tok and you're big on Instagram, there you go. You just need to start sharing it to your audience and that's and then and and then hopefully you share it a few times and then it gets seen by some relevant blogs and they're like this is cool and we link to it and now you're getting back links and like which is exactly what you want. So it's really exciting like that. >> Yeah. And I think the problem people have too is they don't know where to focus or like you know e-commerce for example they're like which product do I promote? like I want to promote all of them and it's so hard to focus and that's why I always tell people too pick your you know like Starbucks is known for coffee but they still sell their tumblers they still sell food they still sell cake pops um but people go there primarily for coffee there might be a you know some people like my sister who will go in there and buy the tumblers every time the new one comes out but they're not primarily known for that so I always tell people pick your known for topics or if you're e-commerce pick your your known for product and be known for that one first and take that to the moon and then you know have SEO working in the background for all your other products or you know if it's a service all your other services. >> I have one more last last question. I said the other one was the last question then my my other last question. Do you what do you think the difference between a blog that's successful and and a blog that's not is? And do you like do you know like people who are still doing blogging and that's their life? Um, I don't know if I I know I'm aware of some people who are still doing really well blogging. Um, I think a lot of people have taken to YouTube, podcasting, Tik Tok, and things like that, which SEO is available for those as well. Um, I think I don't know blogging I and and then of course there's like Substack and everything now too that people are going towards. I still think you should do blogging on your own website versus >> when you talked about those topical you said we we do topical authority pieces. What do those look like? You said that at the beginning and I wanted to ask you about that too. >> Yeah, I think um I call them your again your known for topics. So um or like just four things you want to be known for. So, you know, for me it and it can change. Mine I did a whole Tik Tok series on this um and it mine has changed since then, but it's, you know, blogging, copywriting, storytelling, and SEO are my four things. So, pick let's say four content content buckets uh or content pillars. That's what people call them. Um categories. Those are going to be the categories on your website. The categories like if you were to create a playlist on YouTube, it'd be like copyrightiting playlist. SEO playlist with, you know, with all your stuff. Um, pick four, then pick one and create content on that one topic for like three months, at least once a week. And then you create, you know, topical authority, three months worth. So, even if you only posted once per week, YouTube video, podcast, whatever, um, you're going to have 12 pieces of content. And ideally, that'll show AI, Google, and humans. this person knows a lot about this topic because they have all at least 12 pieces of content, which isn't a ton, but it's a library, you know. Um, so start building your library on that one thing. And then if you get bored or if you want to change it up, you know, quarter 2, three, four, whatever, go to your next known for content pillar, bucket, whatever you want to call it. >> Tiffany, thank you so much for coming back. >> You're welcome. Thank you for having me. >> Where should where should everybody go and find you? I am at your creative content mostly on threads these days. Trying to get back on Tik Tok, also on Instagram kind of. Um, and then my website, your creative content.com. >> Tiffany, you're awesome. This is a lot of fun. It was a lot of fun last time and it was a lot of fun again. Thank you for coming back. This is episode 1 of the show. 1,086 days in a row doing this podcast. If you watch us on YouTube, thank you so much for watching. If you listened on Spotify or Apple Podcasts, thank you so much for listening and I will talk to you again tomorrow.