Title: Does GEO Actually Exist? An SEO Debate Gets Heated
Date: 2026-06-26
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=CvZMiyDnMdI

We are talking about geo versus SEO on this episode of the show and we are joined by David Quaid, the one and only returning to the podcast and a new face, Vlad Pivv. You have a company sty.ai, an AI marketing agency focused on generative engine optimization. And over email, you said traditional SEO is no longer enough. SEO gets you a spot in a list. Gio gets you into the answer itself with no list or clicks, just your brand as the source. So, I'd like to start Vlad and thank you again, Vlad, for coming on the show. Could you break that down? >> Um, yeah, definitely. Yes. Thank you for the invitation, Edward. So, to be honest, I'm happy to be here. It's my first >> It's my first experience in debate in English. So, that's why I'm, you know, like I'm really excited to be here. Uh thank you to join David as well. So and if you're talking about go in and I know guy that you guys are like professionals in it but when we you know like maybe one year ago or two years ago when we see what's happening with LLMs uh we found out that the people's behavior is was changing. Okay. So it mean that people started less Google more more asking chat DPT Gemini CL some questions. So and it's clear that if a exact user uh went from Google to to Chad GPT to Gemini to um every LLM. So the next point okay if the a user moved to LLM we need to move our businesses as well. So uh and you know like uh I have a son 6 years old and um he doesn't know about international technology and so on and like every kid every child in this age he asks a lot of questions to me and it maybe I'm bad dad because I don't know all the answers on these questions but you know if I don't know the answer my son asks dad could you please ask chat DPT about this about that and so on so and I realized that the behavior is changing I don't believe that this is you know like a big shift for now like we like we forget about Google and now we just focused on LLMs but anyway it's changing maybe slowly but anyway so and when we started to dive into the details how it works uh we've done different researchers. We even wrote a book about it. We've met with representatives with OpenAI uh OpenAI, Gemini and other colleagues and we found that it's different than ACO. So it means that we can't say that acco equals J because there are some additional steps in JO which doesn't exist in acco mean LLM decides which company to show in the answer. So, and you know it looks like let's say that for now Google search is a shopping mall. So, and if I go to a shopping mall, so I just I want to buy something. Let's say I don't I want to buy um running shoes. So, I see this store, this store, this link, this link, different ones. I have like mono brands. I have a shop with many different brands. So, different links. So this is how it looks. But if you're talking about LLMs, it seems that it's the same shopping mall but with a sales representative who knows all these shops, all these stores and these sales representatives answer you which shop to use, which link to open and so on. So in a nutshell, I would say this is the different between acco and go. Oh, Vlad, I just want to So, first, first of all, it's great to have you on the show. Welcome here. And also, um, I I applaud you for for doing this in in English, which is not your first language. I wouldn't be able to do this in another language, and I learned three of them, uh, when I grew up. Uh, so I I I also speak fast. So, if I do speak too quickly, um, please, I apologize. Um I I mean English speakers think I speak fast but um you explain very well like for example how your son um can say to dad look I don't understand this can you ask but what what you're doing is explaining the difference that go that sorry that LLMs and Google are different I think we know that right so we're talking to like a rather technical audience so I think the what it comes down to is like what what is the actual difference not that this is new not that this is a shift we we know that right I I guess the question that Edward and I would love to know and the audience is like what makes geo different from SEO? Like >> this method of marketing is so effective I had to make sure it wasn't against Google's rules before I kept using it. It's a form of SEO I call compact keywords. Whereas most SEO focuses on putting up articles to answer questions how, what, when. Compact keywords focuses on putting up dozens of pages that sell to searchers who are actually looking to buy. These pages rank on Google and convert so much better than normal that when I discovered this years ago, I couldn't believe this was allowed. It's less work, too. The average compact keywords landing page is only 415 words. Compact Keywords is a 13-hour deep course on getting sales with SEO. A customer said, "We spent nearly 18,000 in the last year and a half on marketing and SEO through different agencies locally, and that did nothing. We decided to take the leap on the compact keywords course. We're now getting about six to eight calls per day on a good day, which is just unheard of. Another customer said, "Give it to a junior employee, have them follow it exactly as Edwards laid out. You don't have to do anything, and you're going to gain a six-figure SEO level employee just by having them go through this course. Compact Keywords is about setting up an SEO funnel that brings you sales for years and years and years. It works with AI. It's less work than traditional SEO, and it makes way more money. You can get it now at compactkeywords.com. Back to the podcast. >> So I would say that for now with J if you want to be mentioned in J you should do more job than than you did before for ACO. What what does it mean? So uh for now like LLM they don't rely only on data from web from search engines. So they rely also on other stuff which is not included I believe so which is not included in uh traditional SEO like I don't know your reviews reputation management your mentions in PR PR articles uh your mentions in Reddit and other stuff so and moreover for now uh you need to build a brand entity for your for your company let's say if I have a shop is running shoes. Let's say that I'm a producer of the best running shoes for to run a marathon. Okay. So, if I want to to be ranked in Google before, I just need to do on page SEO, off page SEO to buy back links and other stuff. So, but for now, if you want to be mentioned in LLM, it seems that it's not enough. It mean that we should get some reviews from people which say okay yeah this uh these shoes are really good to run a marathon. We should get some mentions in Reddit as well. So it mean that we should explain to LLMs that our brand or our shoes are the best answer for uh for users requests. So that's the difference. So here you should to focus on your brand entity and your brand positioning in some case. >> Why why can't SEOs put stuff in Reddit? Cuz like I'm an SEO. I put stuff in Reddit all the time. >> So you can do it but you can do it also without a Reddit as well. So that's that's the difference. So and you know in some cases I don't say that you know like >> Mhm. Well, so I' I've been in SEO for 26 years. I my last full-time job and all the companies I work with are in SAS. I also occasionally fix legal sites and e-commerce sites and whatever. Um the sites have reviews in G2. Uh we build our own review pages. Um Edward has a great strategy where you buy a domain name and you add reviews to it, right? So, like if you were Nike, you could buy nike reviews.com and then you could link to all your different review profiles and you could aggregate them. Um, you could also give feedback on how people can leave a detailed review. I don't understand how SEOs are like um locked or are you know I don't I don't understand where the door is that that stops SEOs from so I would say that you know like here ACE they just help to to be mentioned you in LLMs. So with go. So but it seems that if you are ranked number one in Google search, it seems that uh likely you will be mentioned in LLMs but not 100%. So and the difference is yeah please you so you made a a a you made a characterization of SEO that I really didn't like right which is like you do some onpage SEO you buy some backlinks. I've never bought a backlink. Well, I that's that's actually a lie. I have bought back links. Uh I experiment and test a lot. I have like over 120 domains. Um I appear a lot in LLM, right? And I do that via SEO. I do have I actually am one of the few people with a knowledge panel. I don't know if you have a knowledge panel in Google, but that actually doesn't make me show in LLMs. Um, I can understand, for example, where you look at a very very big brand like a Nike or Microsoft and they come up so much in everyday conversation, but you're you're you're you're painting a model and then talking around it. And I really want to try to get to the heart of it. Right? To me, SEO is like surfacing any page, right? So, I could, for example, have a profile on G2 and Capter. I could have a profile on Trustpilot. Um, I've had people uh vandalize Trust Pilot. So I might want to move Trust Pilot down the rankings and I might want to move G2 up the rankings, right? And I can control that via SEO. Uh when I look at when someone asks an LLM a question, it has it starts off with like its understanding. Most of the time it actually has no idea where the brands are. It does a search. It doesn't site Reddit. It's that sometimes Reddit is returned in the results from the query fan out. It's not always Google, but it might be Exa, it might be Brave Search, but these operate a lot like Google. Um, it could be Bing, but again, that's just a Google clone. And it seems that they don't know about the brand in 90% of cases until they they read this. So, I I don't understand how you're saying that Jio does something and can't explain what it is, and that SEO is something else and it can't be this. And I don't understand where that sort of like hard definition comes from. >> Uh so you know David I think that um here we we should to define what is ac uh in my um in my opinion uh in many cases in the world because I've talked with um many agencies as well. I'm not the the best ACO specialist but I'm a little bit understand what what is it. So it seems that in many cases um marketing agency uh when they say we do SEO they mean they could rank your website of your brand in top 10 in Google. So in many cases okay um I can't say that I saw a lot of agencies or people who ranked as well I don't know trust ppilot G2 and all pages which you like because you usually it could be costly for some brands but if you define that SEO it mean that to rank exact website of the brand in top ranked of Google so this is so in this case Jio it's a little bit different because it's not enough just put one website in the rank of Google if you did before Reddit I don't know you worked on reviews as well on reputation management on some PR stuff you've built a positioning for brand to deliver the message and so on and so on I would say that you did go but you called it SEO so that's the difference >> okay but you said it must be an it's just your exact domain I mean is that and you started off saying that's your personal opinion and and that's fine. You know, everyone has their personal opinion, but I've never known SEO to be limited to the exact domain. I think that's a new definition. I I don't and I've never seen that in in a in a dictionary definition or and um I've been doing that for years. I mean, if you look at most a lot of SEOs, their X profile ranks higher. Um their Instagram can rank higher. a lot a lot of SEOs don't even uh rank via SEO directly or or get business via. Uh so I I don't know that that definition that you have. I don't know if that's as convenient to your argument, but that's not a shared definition by any stretch. I don't. So, I'm trying to really get to like what what what is it that Gio does that isn't done in SEO because it it it sounds like the only differentiation you have is that geo is like SEO plus other sites but those other sites also have to rank in Google which to me is still SEO. To me it doesn't matter like a lot of people use parasitic SEO right for example like writing an article and having it appear in medium or um what I call co-ranking which is um I want my G2 to rank instead of my co-pilot or I want my YouTube to rank uh which and then there's OM which is about ranking hundreds of other pages right and OM is a subd discipline of SEO and always has been and like that's like 20 years old Okay. So David, sorry. So um you know I would say that if you're talking about acco as I understand in sh in your definition ACO as um uh promotion your website in many ways I mean in reputation management in PR in social media in Google search and so on. I would say that we are talking about one thing like to to build brand entity to build brand authority to um to promote the brand I would say everywhere. So as a one brand entity so but as I mentioned before in my um in my opinion so in many CA cases so when people say about SEO they just say okay we want to be ranked in Google. So it's clear that in some like to to make some reviews on G2 they could help you to to be ranked because you have a link on your website and the same I don't know if you if I sell a running shoes so I could be mentioned in a listical about the best running sho shoes and it helps for uh acco and it also help for Jio as well. So it means you know like if you're talking about the developing the brand and promoting the brand I would say that here we are on the same page but at the same time you know like now if you are ranked number one in Google it doesn't mean that you will be mentioned in other LLMs because you know like if you look at the GPT if I'm not mistaken they get information from Bing. So it's different uh different search engines. Perplexity has its own uh clock. >> Okay. >> Complexity uses Google 100%. And actually um >> uh Chat GPT uses um SER API to get scrape results from Google and that's why Google is suing SER API. So to say they get it from Bing is a massive overstatement. So David, am I right that your point is if I'm ranked number one in Google for some keywords, I will be mentioned in LLMs for the same keywords as well? No. So my question was really simple, right? The the acronym is SEO, search engine optimization. It doesn't say Google. It doesn't say Bing. It doesn't say Tik Tok. It doesn't say YouTube. It doesn't it it in no way restricts anyone to anything. It just says it's search engine optimization, which means >> you do whatever you want to do to get a page to rank in a search engine. So the search engine could be LinkedIn, it could be Tik Tok, it could be YouTube, it it doesn't matter. It's like paid advertising. Paid advertising doesn't mean Google ads, right? It could be Bing ads. It could be chatbt ads for example, right? If it's a pay-per-click model or or it's a PP PP a CPM model. So, I'm just trying to figure out like it just it the term is really simple. It's like search engine optimization, right? Um and none of the LLMs have a search engine, right? They all have to outsource, right? So, on our last um podcast trying to discuss this, if you look at um how LLMs are built, right, they are Nvidia processor heavy. They are RAM intensive. They take a LLM which is a large language model that has a lot of variables that are basically sequences or patterns of how language is used. They are not a collection of a review of every brand on the planet, right? Nowhere in any of the LLMs, right? And Perplexity isn't even an LLM. Perplexity is actually a wrapper, but it's still not a search engine and it doesn't have a search engine and its query fan art 100% correlates with Google, right? Catch might use Bing and I think a lot of people believe that it uses Bing because of the relationship between them which between Microsoft and Open AI which broke down but there is so much information about the two and fro of open AI using Google which means in the last 24 months if you're not aware of that you're not updating your own model of how LLM's are rag out to get content right so an LLM can understand a sentence like I want to buy running shoes. I is me. Running shoes are a thing. And it may also associate the word Nike with running shoes because a lot of people might use Nike in running shoes. They in conversation, but they actually aren't allowed to train on Reddit. Reddit has sued a lot of them including perplexity. So the second aspect of how LLMs are deployed is that they are largely deployed in RAM, right? Because it they need access memory, right? Disk memory has to be retrieved from a disk and taken up into RAM and then it can be used by an app via processor. You can't take a 25xabyte which is an enormous amount of data which is like what Google stores right and put that into virtual memory and then take 1 million copies because you have 1 million users logged into chatbt that like there isn't enough RAM on the planet. We don't actually even have a road map to that. So the idea that LLMs can store information on every brand on the planet is further broken. I was just trying to say like it's search engine optimization. It doesn't in any way limit you to a domain or one page or one search engine. That's all I was asking. So David, may I ask you when you say that um answer in search engines correlates 100% with LLMs, what what do what what do you mean exactly? >> So let's say I go to Plexity and I'm trying to figure out for example uh I'll give you a fun one, right? I want to be in the list of um top geoexperts. Actually, I know I'll give you a bit a more fun one. I actually there's a lot of people who create EAT checkers, EAT checkers, right? That that check to see if there's eat in your website. And I I think this is impossible because eat is different to every single person, right? Like I might look at it at at Wells Fargo website and I think remember that time when they had all those bankers creating fake bank accounts? I'm like I don't trust this company. I don't care if they have like a padlock logo and a armed security guard. I'm like I don't trust Wells Fargo, right? I don't care what they say, right? So, up until like a month ago, if you searched for um best e checker, whether it was in Perplexity or G Chat GBT or Gemini, it would say, "Hey, yeah, you can look at all these e checkers. There's uh it's a great way to check if there's eat in your page." And what we would do is then shift it to the side and have a look at the query fan out, right? So my prompt could be you are the Harvard professor with 185 years of experience in e checkers and you want to do research in the best e checker. At the end of the day it's just going to break down best e checker and then it'll send it to a search engine. I don't know what the queueing mechanism is, right? It might be chatbt uses its cash a lot so it doesn't incur a lot of um credits cuz they got to pay SER API for all of that scraping or Gemini which has like an unlimited live pull from Google right but it seems to be like 24 hours behind. I said I'm going to write an a blog post about best e checkers and I ranked that in Google and similarly it does very well in um Brave search which is used by Claude and so when I look at the query fan out I'm now number one for Google which means I'm number one for Gemini and perplexity mostly for chat GBT and also for um Claude and so now when you do the um this when you ask the same question it has changed its narrative which is like well there's not really such a thing as an e checker but if you really want an e checker here's a list of the other e checkers and I can re repeat that process right I could do that for um other things like best SEO podcast or SEO blogs or top SEO influencers um I may not have final control over you know if there's if there's a list of like a hundred people and there's only a list of 10 coming back I might not have final control over But I can insert anything into that by ranking because again an LLM isn't capable of storing 19 20 30 xabytes of data in its memory. It can't even store the whole of Reddit in its in its database. >> So you know David I just asked perplexity chpt and Google um bestie checker. So and it showed me different results in all in LLM in Google. So if you say that so as I understand from your point the result should be the same isn't it? >> No I didn't say the result is the same. I what I was saying you asked me when what did I mean that the results of the query fan out are the same. I'm saying that the results when um Perplexity and Claude and Gemini show its query fan out. Those results match the search engine. I'm not talking about how the L&M arrives at the final answer. that was different. We're talking about inputs and amount of memory and amount of of of data that an LMM can store. So, it we're we're establishing that we're still establishing the difference between GEO and SEO. And I've just said that SEO is about ranking a page in any search engine and ranking any page. It doesn't have to be your domain. That that was just a definition of SEO that you hold that I don't think matches the general definition of SEO for for everyone else. So why do you think that perplexity chp and gemini for the and google for the same for the same requests they have different results? What's the main reason? >> Google's just Google's just going to return the pages from its index. Um and chatbt and perplexity are actually going to take the prompt that you gave it and change it get results that are slightly different rank order and then they're going to synthesize it. Right? And that might be based on your personal history in chat GBT or in um Perplexity. Uh but the synthesization process is different for all of the LLMs. That's how they're built. So I don't know why or how LLM do synthesis or why they get a why you get a different result between Perplexity and Gemini. But I didn't say that they will match to Google. All I said is that the results from Google, from Brave Search and from Bing tend to correlate or that the query fan out returned by Google for query tend to match the same documents that Perplexi is using to build its synthesis. >> I think that here is the difference when you say that it correlates it doesn't mean that JO equals ACO it just correlates. And this is a question. Okay. Percentage of correlation. >> No, that's not what I was saying. What what I was saying is if you take a look at the prompt and you look at the query fan out that the LLM sends to Google and you put the same query into Google, the results for Perplexity correlate with the results from Google. I didn't I'm not talking as in it shows that Perplexity is using Google's results. Otherwise, if they would correlate with Bing, you could say it uses Bing. That that's that that's just an undeniable fact, right? Perplexity isn't a search engine. It doesn't have a search database. It's not even an LLM. It's a wrapper above an LLM. Uh yeah, that's true. But you know like when we are talking about uh when you say that uh go equals acco and at the same time you know like for the same for the same request we have different results and you say okay we have like prompting not uh requests uh in LLM. So it means that at the end of the day it's different. >> I'm talking about the input documents from the query fan out. Do you know what the query fan out is? Yeah. >> Okay. So, what is the query fan art? Because we seem to have a different opinion. >> So, actually you mean that if you have a request, LLM divides this request into different I don't know categories or entities and provides the answer. I know. So, a query fan out is basically what the ra process is. So you put in a prompt, it takes the prompt and breaks it into a a set of queries. It could be one query. Based on the results of that query, it may have two, three, six more queries. It then sends each of those queries to a search engine. Chat GBT could use Bing or Google largely. Um Claude uses Brave Search. Perplexity and Gemini use Google. They send the queries Google, Bing, Claude, Exa return 10 results per query. They take those results and synthesize the final answer from that. >> Uh okay, let's David move to to the another point. Okay, to discuss another point. >> But wait, are are you saying that that doesn't happen? >> Um doesn't happen. What? that. >> So, no, I I was just you you said I was asking if you knew what a query fan out is, and I just explained what the query fan out is. Are you saying that the query fan out isn't true? >> Yeah, it's true. >> Okay. So, the LLM has to go to a search engine to get those 10 30 60 90 results from which it builds its synthesis. >> So, I would say yes, but the final decision what to show is uh is on LLM sites. So and you know here you have >> it's not on Jio side right >> uh I would say that what to answer so Jio helps to LLMs to to provide the right answer so it's a different story >> does go help an LLM to provide an answer is does Jio insert code into the LLM >> also is not included in the code of Google you know >> I didn't say it was >> so that's why >> I'm asking is how is Jio helping How is geo helping an LLM provide the answer if it's not coded into it? >> So actually let me explain. Uh if I create a page with domain name the best running shoes for marathon.com and build a lot of links I don't know and put this link in top of Google for the same request. Is it doable for now in Google? Is it doable? Can I do it? I mean >> if you do it will it work? I don't know. >> So actually but it's possible doable because I saw at least I don't know dozens examples when people create a simple websites for the keyword and this keyword is inserted in domain name. Did you see such kind of examples before? >> Are you talking about listicles? um any website for one keyword just one website one keyword it it's ranked in Google >> okay >> so in some cases it's doable like you can do it you can buy some links for this website and it will be ranked in Google high I don't know >> high links >> so but if I want to for LMS to prove that my shoes are the best for to run a marathon it's not enough. So you have to build brand entity to build trust and many other stuff. In this case you will be mentioned in LLM you know. So and >> okay so how so what's what is it that you're doing that builds this brand entity that's that's different is what I'm asking. >> Uh different from what >> you said you said that SEO gets you into the final list. GIO is what gets you cited. So what is it that GIO is doing differently? >> So actually as I mentioned before if you're talking about like your approach when you promote Reddit when you promote I don't know reviews and so on you do a lot of stuff in terms of the ACR it seemed that it's similar. So but at the end of the day so I would say that one thing is missing. So when you want to push your keywords or pages in top in top of Google so you just focus on these pages and you don't think for example I think so you don't you shouldn't rely you shouldn't think a lot of I would say positioning of your brand that I don't know that your uh that your shoes will be the best for to to run a marathon that everyone knows about it but >> why wouldn't you but if you're building a web page and you're getting people to the web page. Why wouldn't you build positioning for your brand? I don't understand. >> So if you so it's not obligation to do it, you know. >> Are you saying if I go to Nike's website, it doesn't have any positioning or if I go to Apple or Microsoft there's no positioning of their brand >> I would say for Nike. So for different I don't know they have definitely but not all of them has and you know like if you >> not all of them. So have you seen so you've you've basically started at Google and gone from A to Zed and you've gone through every website and you're saying that the SEO ones don't they don't describe their brand or positioning. >> So let me explain the difference. So uh there are a lot of different brands for example for the running shoes. So, and if I ask LLMs about what's the best running shoes for for my case, so usually they show me the short list of I don't know Nike, Hawker, I6 and others. So, if I but to to provide this information to LLMs, I need to to show the case studies. I don't know that my running shoes are the best for your case to to get some reviews reviews from users and you know like to build a brand entity uh around my positioning and uh yeah about around my positioning. So for Google ranking it seems that it's not not necessary to do the same to be in top of the Google But so you're talking about what it takes to rank a page, right? But >> yeah, >> owning a brand in Google means also controlling the reviews. Like I said, one of Edward's great strategies is take your domain name and have reviews.com. And then one of my strategies is to have pricing and review pages to link to those pages so you can return who's got the best profile on you. Um, but I just went to Perplexity, right? Um, and and I'm just using Plexity because I'm lazy because it shows the cure. Can I share a screen, Edward? So, I said, "Show me the best running shoes for a marathon," right? And it says, "Completed two steps searching the web, best running shoes for marathon." And then it's got these results. The best running shoes runners world, the run testers, seven best. There's a YouTube video. There's actually, funny enough, there's no Reddit and there's Nike, right? Because they have an article called the best shoes for running a marathon by Nike. So, here you've got Nike and that's from Return from Run Repeat. You've got Nike Vaporfly. Um, Hoka from Runner's World. Um, interestingly, Nike is not actually even cited a lot. I think that's just because they show up like as number 10. So, let's take this. I'll just type it in myself. >> So, what are you doing, David? >> Just to narrate it for people who are listening and not watching. >> Same. Sorry. I'm just typing in best running shoes for marathon because that was the same query fan out. Uh, so I've got Reddit, best running shoes for marathon, solo review, the run testers, runners world. I've got the video Adidas. um RunFare, Slowtech Forum, and there's Nike at number 10, and there's Run Repeat. So, it's like the same websites, slightly different order. Um, but it looks like it picked these based on Run Repeat, which was the third page returned. And I imagine that both of these also have Nike in them. So David, as I see that uh Perplexity has dozens of different links, but not all of them were in top 10 of Google even. >> So I didn't show the Quora, I didn't saw the other links. >> So and you know like it seemed that they were captured not in top of Google, you know. So all of the links I saw were in Google just a slightly different rank order. Nike he was actually on like position 10 but on the next page. >> So we can check double check if you want but as I saw that not all of the links were mentioned on the first two pages you know. So, and that's the difference you you could be mentioned in I don't know in article on 10th page but this article could lead you to perplexity answer >> right but perplexity is not a rapper and it's not a search engine right it's getting its results from somewhere else >> uh you know like it's not a search engine but you know like uh in the beginning of this What what I mean by it's by the way just just so we get into it what I mean by it's not a search engine. It doesn't crawl the whole web. It doesn't index every file. It doesn't process it and it doesn't research every brand. That's that's literally what I mean. It built that answer right now based on those 10 results that were given. Granted, the rank order in my Google and the 10 results sent back to Perplexity were slightly different, but 70% were largely the same. As to why Reddit was in mind and Reddit wasn't in Perplexities, I don't know. But that answer that we read from Perplexity was created based on those 10 results. It wasn't based on its memory from last week. >> So, I can't agree here, you know. Um in the beginning of this year we've made a test we asked our technical team to analyze our server logs so for two weeks uh to to see I would say real behavior of Google and AI crawlers and you know like what we found that um actively crawling like Google bot, mobile and and desktop, open AI like GPT bot, we saw cloud bot, perplexity bot. So these were bots from AI not from Google or other search engine and I was surprised that on some days AI bots matched Google bot in in volume. So that's why I think that it's just a matter of time and it seems here I can't agree when you say that um LLMs like OpenAI Cloud Bot and Proplexity B they don't crawl the website they do what what I'm saying is when when it gets those 10 results right it has to fetch those 10 files right like the file is on a server it has to fetch it to synthesize but that answer is made up right now in real time, right? It's not using data that it learned. It took those 10 files right now and built that result. So on those servers, those servers are going to show a crawler from Perplexity fetching those 10 files right now live in the mean live in the real time. >> So you know, >> that's why you see crawler uh activity going up. Like one of the challenges I have for example with with web engineers is they they always conflate crawling with indexing outcomes right like technically Google only has to crawl and index a file once doesn't have to it keeps crawling it right to see if the file has been changed or updated but it doesn't have to like the more crawling doesn't mean like you're more indexed right so Google doesn't have to up the amount of times it crawls the same file >> so so that answer is not If if if if that answer is coming from memory and from having researched all those brands, why is it doing an RA out to with a query fan out to a search engine taking the files and fetching them in real time? >> Uh so David, may I ask us a question? So um how do you see how do you think uh does clot chat dpt uh perplexity do they want uh to you to use search engines from other brands like from Google from Bing or if they have its own they use own search engine what do you think about it >> they don't have their own search engine >> they don't have >> doesn't even have it own LLM >> if they But that's that's a different question. But but now you're asking now you're putting yourself in the position of like are if you were the CEO of Perplexity or Claude, would you have your own search engine? That's maybe maybe one day you might become the CEO of those companies and that'll be a lovely question and a lovely interview. But what we are here today, right, is I just put in best running shoes. It went and fetched 10 files from well, it got a set of results from a search engine with the results. It went and retrieved the 10 files and it synthesized an answer. It didn't build it from looking at a value proposition from last week, right? It built it right now in real time. The crawler went and crawled 10 different websites and received and retrieved 10 different pages and built a synthesis right here in front of us from just those 10. Yes. But the point is that it were uh so these 10 links were getting not from the top of Google or BIN or others. So LLM decided on its sites what >> where did it get it from then? >> No no no >> where did it get those 10 pages from? So LLM decides which pages which links >> from but from from where? >> From the web, >> not from the web, >> not from the ranking. >> It went to the web and just and just said to the web, give me 10 pages about for running shoes with marathons. And then the same 10 pages matched exactly the same 10 pages in Google. Well, 90% of the pages in Google search results. So, but you know they they get these pages not from the top 10 or top 20, you know. So, they have a memory definitely. They they have a memory of the internet from search engines. That's true. >> They have a memory of the whole internet. So, we're going back to what I said at the start. Google's memory of the internet and Bing's memory of the internet is around 25 exabytes. Uh, an LLM manages about 100 GB. So there's a there's a an order of magnitude of about 99.999% missing here, right? >> Yeah. >> None none of the LLMs have a copy of the worldwide web, right? They are no no one else is debating that LLMs don't have a copy of the web and they go to right for example it Bing is suing sorry Google is suing SER API in the US courts for scraping its results and giving them to open AI without paying for them. It's a it's a literal lawsuit that's happening right now. Why would SER API be scraping Google results and giving it to Open API at the risk of being sued by a trillion dollar company if Open AI has its own copy of the worldwide database which we've already established can't fit in a 100 GB of RAM? >> So David uh let's look at the ACO on a different angle. So when your clients come to >> No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It's really simple. It's a simple it's a simple question of mathematics, right? >> Okay. >> An LLM runs in under 100 gigs of RAM, maybe even 20 30 gigs of RAM. How many GB of RAM is in 25 Xabytes? >> David is doing the math right now. >> I am asking. Okay. So, it is 25 trillion megabytes. So, you're saying that ChatBT has gone out to the whole web. It's researched every brand. It's gone, "Oh, wow. I love that Vlad wrote fantastic story about their top." >> No, it's not. >> It's not. >> Yeah. >> So, what's it doing? Um so um so my point is that you know like uh may I ask you when the clients came to you you mentioned that you're like 26 years in in the acco and when clients came to you and say okay we want to be we want to do acco so which um numbers you measure when you do acco to to track your result >> I'm sorry my clients have nothing to do this let's just come back to a simple problem, right? Google has a copy of the worldwide web. It is about 19 to 25 xab, right? Uh that is about 25 trillion GB, sorry, megabytes of RAP. You're saying that an LLM didn't have to go to a search engine to get those results. It went to the web. I'm asking you to reconcile that enormous difference between what it actually takes to store the worldwide web because you don't know what's in a web page without fetching it, right? So, I think people like have this magical idea that the worldwide web is out there and it's available in a telephone directory and you can just ring it up and go like, "Hey, give me this, give me that, give me that." The only way you know what's in a web page is you have to have a crawler which fetches the web page, an entire copy of it, brings it down, extracts the text of it, and it's indexed somehow. So, you don't know if Nike have their value proposition in this page or this page or across this page. And like you said, there could be in Trust Pilot, it could be in G2, it could be in Capta, it could be in Reddit. So the only way to know where Nike is in all of these pages, you have to get a copy of all these pages. And that means you have to store it. To store that is about 19 to 25 Xabytes. And LLM has to run it under 100 GB of memory. Where is it storing all of these pages so that it can retrieve it to get you that answer? Because this was one example of best marathon shoes. If I say what is the best airline, what are the best speakers, what are the best earpods, what are the best cars, what are the best roads, what are the best bridges, what's the best pasta, what's the best bolognese, all of that has to be stored. It can't just magically make up an answer in demand. So in order to store an answer for every single one of those questions, you need 25 trillion GB of memory. It doesn't have 25 trillion GB of memory. So what in what unicorn universe is it storing this data somewhere? So I mean that LLMs they should use uh Google and other search engines they don't have they have to use it you know but my point is that you know you showed before you showed two screens and when you type the same request in Google so Reddit was on the first place and in this case if you want to promote your brand for this request in Google so the good way to be published on this Reddit post because in this case your brand will be mentioned there. But at the same time when you do the same in perplexity we saw dozens of links but we didn't we didn't 10 links and and >> stop. We saw 10 links, right? It it says 10 links, right? It wasn't dozens. Okay. >> Okay. Okay. Okay. >> And all most of those links correlated. The difference in the difference is I'm logged into Perplexity and I'm logged into Google. Right. I wasn't trying to show a one forone likeness between Google and Perplexi. That wasn't the aim of the game. The aim of the game was to demonstrate that my prompt is broken up into a query. That query goes to a search engine. The search engine uses its algorithm to return the results. Perplexity can't tell Google how to change the results. Chat GPT can't tell Bing or Google or whatever it's using to change the results. It doesn't have access to its database. it has to go to a Google search bar and put in a query. That process is called the query fan out. So it is still using Google's algorithm to return the pages. I understand that there was a difference of maybe 20 to 30%. We can account for that however right it's not like it was a completely different set and it also wasn't that it was somehow retrained. Right? So as you mentioned that there is a difference like 25 or 30% and that's the difference between perplexity and Google answer. So it mean that it's not the same. >> I mean hold on a second. How is that the the difference perplexity? So how does perplexity get a different answer to Google then if it's using Google? >> So we just show showed it in in your request on your screen. No, we showed a we showed Google giving a slightly different number of or a slightly different rank order of the pages, right? But it's different >> which is okay. But so what what makes the difference? So because in this case like perplexity decides what to show you know look not best >> it's only given results back how >> but it it's given 10 results back how does it go and decide where is it where is it now getting these other pages from >> so that's a question yes so as I so you've you've said that you know like not all the like there is a difference as you as you said before there is a difference between you know like >> there's a difference in the rank order. >> Yes. So and that's the point. So if you work on LLMs so in some cases you don't you don't need to be mentioned in the top of the Google. So you you could be mentioned on the 10th page of the Google and in this case it helps you to be mentioned in LLMs. But at the same time in Google you you can if you want that a user click on you and visit your website and know about you there is just like 10 top 10 top 20 top 30. >> Yeah it's I the question was how does chat how does perplexity change Google's outcome? So it's um perplexity has its internal weights internal algorithm how to show it. So and it's >> from but but okay but where is it getting its pages where is it getting its index of pages to apply this weight to and why is it 90% similar to Google's >> so you know like if you say that it's 90% similar to goo to Google it means that it's 10% different from Google so it means it's you know like it's Okay, but where if if it's not using Google, where what is it using? Where is it getting all these other pages? Right, like I just said, in order to pick pages, you have to have a copy of every page on the web. >> Yeah, >> we've just shown that it doesn't have the memory storage to store the whole worldwide web. >> So actually it uses Google. So I don't say that you know like that uh when I say that every LLM so users use use web to to get the information it's clear that they use like Google they use and other search engines they don't they don't have they have to do it so but my point is that the answer in perplexity and Google could be different and you know that you've mentioned before like air a approach. So and I think that the augmentation uh so the second and the third step in LLMs they provide a in this case they provide a unique answer instead of the Google because they can influence only on the first step retrieve >> but how does it influence it like you like are you saying it has access to Google's index >> influence what sorry >> you just said it picks it has its own waiting so it picks different pages. Where is it finding those pages to pick them from is what I was asking. >> So they found these pages from from search engines definitely. >> Okay. So in all I'm saying is my Google is is returning personalized results. So I'm not I wasn't trying to establish that the query fan out is exactly the same, right? I can I can get them exactly the same if if if I need to. I can log out of everything. I just don't have the time to do it. But you're saying that the LLM uses its own weights and preferences. I'm just trying to establish if it's if it's using its own weights and it's different to Google where is it getting it other pages to apply those weights to. How is it doing that? That's all I'm asking. >> So at the end of the day, LLM they have its own mechanism to show the answer. So they definitely uh have a they definitely got all the information from search engines but finally they decide what to show and that's the difference and you know like we can use different requests in different search engines in different LLMs for the same machine PC MacBook doesn't matter so but we will see different results so >> okay so then tell me how geo is different from SEO that it can influence that final step. >> So the difference is that LLMs they decide which brand to show and which company to show. So this is an additional layer which doesn't exist in search engines. >> It doesn't exist in search engines. So how how is that created? How so you're saying that they do this for every product and every brand? M >> so actually for every request they gather the information. >> Okay. So in order to have an answer for every request they must have information on every brand, right? >> So they get this information from search engines. So yeah. >> Okay. But then how is it different from SEO? So the difference is that they LLMs and its own mechanism algorithm and weights they decide what to show. So that's the difference. So and >> if Google says you should use here's Nike. Uh how does the LLM say well I don't want to use Nike? So because um they have this algorithms and this approach it's like uh included they don't show it how how they decide which brands to show but from different searches from different companies I don't know from uh profound Evernote so they've done like thousands of different requests and they understand that in this case you should want that visibility of your brand in LLMs will be um will be higher. So you need to do the different steps but and usually all these steps leads to brand entity your positioning work with the reputation management and ACO as well. >> Where where does this brand entity live? >> So actually brand entity live in the web in the search engines as well >> just out in the web. >> Yeah. So how does how does okay so how does chat tpt or perplexity go and find this brand entity >> uh so they get the information from search engines >> okay so this idea of them all browsing and browsing more and building their own index that's gone now so now they're getting it from the search engine but the search engine can only return x amount of results and all of the results it returns are based on its algorithm so where is the LLM getting this difference of opin opinion from >> so it's their own algorithm so we don't know like what's inside LLM and how they decide and I think that nobody knows >> but we can guess >> nobody knows >> influence on >> does that mean Jio doesn't know >> so I mean that we can guess what influence on J the same as for >> why why can't why can't SEOs >> no why is also a case. >> Sorry David, nobody knows the um the formula of Google, you know, like but we are guessing what can help for a brand for SEO to be ranking in top of Google. >> I'm pretty sure we do know the formula because it's a patent and it's published and you can actually chat to chatp about it all day. But if you come back to nobody knows how the LLM decides the final 10, right? Then how does geo know more than SEO if nobody knows? So I I mean that uh you know like we don't know the exact formula for different LLMs what they use but at the same time we have like different researchers we have uh different experiments and we can guess what helps you to increase visibility and when you start to work >> so what I'm asking is >> so your visibility is increasing that's the point >> so I'm asking what stops an SEO from making the same guesses or the same research or the same experiments or the same >> uh you know like you can do the same for acco but at the end of the day it's like different platforms and you can cannot measure I don't know if you want to see the traction or trends for your AI visibility. So, at least we should use different tools, you know, like we don't have like >> if I go to Perplexity and I say I'm trying to work out why I'm not recommended in the top 10 SEO YouTube podcasts, it's going to say, "Look, stop. You're an SEO. I can't tell you. You have to come back as a geo. Then I can tell you." >> It doesn't work in this case. So, you know, like >> it doesn't. Okay. So I'm asking you what stops an SEO from because you just said the data comes from a search engine, right? So if the search engine's giving the results and SEO is about controlling the results that a search engine gives, what is stopping an SEO from arriving at the same outcome as a geo? That's my question. >> So you know like what stops um let me show you an example. I've uh maybe one months ago uh I also have a marketing agency focused on crypto projects and one of the crypto tax platform uh they had a problem with um organic traffic because it's dropped so but at the same time when we made an AI visibility audit we show the difference trend so it's it was growing so it was uptrend So, and in this case, David, what do you think? What's what was the reason why it's like different trend for one brand in search engine? Are you asking in LLM? >> Are you asking me to comment on a domain that I've never seen before? >> Okay. Um, okay. I don't have this website open right now in a but okay. It's it's good. But at the same time, let's let me say that in some cases, so your website could be ranked on Google, but at the same time not ranked on LLM and vice versa. So sometimes it happens it maybe you've seen such examples before. I don't know. So what I find is that the prompt doesn't match the query. So when I find what the query is and I make the website rank for that query, then the website is quoted in that LLM. So but if the request was the same the exact like in search and exact in LLM. So you also think that it's these are like different >> can it be? We don't know. We don't have control over what users put into chat GDP or perplexity, right? We can see that there are thousands and thousands of citations, right? You don't know what people put in anymore than I do, right? >> Vlad, what tactics do you do at Stive to get clients more AI visibility? >> Um, so let me let me comment. uh David when David mentioned that we don't know what people prompt in Chad DPT and other LMS and um I would say that it's true so because we we don't know what kind of prompts people use but um I would say that here we need to here we can find some uh possible prompts and uh requests from acco from from like Google's but if you're talking about what to do to be to be mentioned in LLMs I would say that firstly to uh to make an AI visibility audit usually you do like um a lot of requests during I don't know one week two weeks like 100 requests per day for different keywords to understand where are you right now and where are your competitors as well so then to understand what do you want to get and what kind of what brand entity you want to to have and to that LLM knows that LLMs know about you. So and start to work on this brand entity and gaps which you see between you and competitors. So all this >> where do you get that list of keywords from? So actually this keyword list we get from paid ads from Google search console and then we add uh possible prompts based on the uh behavior from let's say based on the guessing what kind of request people can can ask. So and then we create a segment of different keywords to use in LMS to make an analysis. You get a list of keywords from Google ads, right? Which is based on Google search. You then run create prompts based on that what you guess the user's prompting and then you look to see if the website is visible in the returned answers. Is that right? >> Yeah, as we know. Um, >> but you don't know the volume of how many searches there are, right? >> So that's true. >> It could be 10 for this one, could be 100 for this one, could be zero for 20 of them, right? So we don't know the value volume in LLMs because they don't provide this information. Uh but at the same time you can check it in your Google Analytics. I mean the traffic from LLMs at least the whole traffic from LLMs. And usually we can guess that uh if you have let's let's say 1K clicks from LMS per months usually it means that you have like four times more mentions of your brand without a click. So yeah, >> but you know it's four times because I looked at um one of my sites or one of my projects that has 940 million citations in the last since May 15 and I look at the amount of traffic coming from LLMs in G4 which you also have to discount 50% because people opt out of cookies. Uh the diff delta was somewhere where we got 2,000 clicks from 900 million citations. So like a lot less than one in four. It's like one in it's like back to the exabyte versus megabyte data. But I don't understand because I do the same thing as an SEO. I don't understand how Jio does this differently, right? I can go to Google and Simrush and Bing and get a list of keywords. I can get a tool like Profound, put those tools in there, run a lot of prompts. It'll tell me here's where I'm visible. Here's where I'm not visible. You don't know what the volume is. I don't know what the volume is. But I can then see where I'm not visible. Then I can take the prompt, find the query fan out, modify the page or add a new page and then I will notice from all of my prompts that my visibility percentage increases. I don't understand how SEO and JO is different. >> So uh it's different because you have to measure at least two different things. In SEO you measure like clicks, but as you mentioned like in AI you >> I'm sorry. >> Yeah, >> I'm sorry. I I don't measure one thing in SEO. >> But uh how can you measure I don't know visibility in uh in SEO? What do you mean here exactly? >> So the first thing I measure is what is my visibility for the number of for the different searches which is exactly the same process as meas measuring what is my visibility for a prompt right like in other words I go to a search engine I put in the query I go to an LLM and I put in the prompt. If I'm not in the results in either I'm missing right is how what's what do you do that's different? so different that you can be you can be visible you you can have like um I would say that it's similar you know but the platforms are different I mean that perplexity and chip it's different platforms that's why there are like additional >> but profound >> profound will run those in all of those LLMs right or peak or um brandy or whatever Right. It'll it'll take the same prompt and put it into all of the LLMs. Right. So, yeah, >> you're getting the same data as I am, right? >> Yes. >> Okay. So, you don't know the same things I don't know and I don't know the same things you don't know. And I can do the same things you can do and you can do the same things I can do. So, so David I would say that you know like when you if you go to profound and to try to create a AI visibility audit for the same brand and if you get all the possible requests we have in mind from our business experience I would say that we get the same results. I mean if you go in profound in terms of the um our AI visibility score possible >> are you talking about the difference between your tool and profound because I'm not talking about the difference between but you can tell us about your tool if you want but I was just talking about what's the difference between SEO and geo that's all >> um I'm talking about that you know like if we can we can measure uh your AI visibility presents in different LLMs uh with >> likeound ory or >> yeah so and clear understand that we can rely on these figures here and now so and it means that if you work on your AI visibility so you can see that trend is it increasing or decreasing and to work on it >> okay so what's why I don't understand does are SEOs not allowed to do that or >> so you know like you can do you can do the same for ACO. I don't see a problem here. >> Okay. >> But as I mentioned you before so I'm not sure that everyone in the market when they say that they work on on ACO they uh they work on reviews, reputation management, brand entity and many other stuff. I can tell you I can tell you right now that when one person says I work in SEO and another person says I work in SEO they could be doing two completely different things because SEO is not a license right it's not a prescription it just says search engine optimization you do things to optimize things for search engines right so if someone is doing like Tik Tok SEO that is nothing like Google SEO it's like it's not even the same right I I can't I can't rank a video in Tik Tok if it was made by um Tom Cruz who's in Brad Pitt, right? I suck at it, right? Uh but I can rank a Fiverr video on YouTube in like 6 seconds, right? So granted, different SEOs do different things and because there's no license, there's no qualification, there's no definition of what SEO is. SEO is a description of an industry, right? All I'm saying is why can't an SEO cuz I I do this all the time. I go and I take keywords from profound. Maybe I don't assume that for every four clicks I get to my website, there's four citations. I know that there's actually tens of thousands more. I can go to profound or a different tool or I can build my own. Also, um Ryan Jones on X has a free tool called SER Recon that you just have to bring your own API key and it does the same thing. Right. You're guessing prompts. I'm guessing prompts because like you said, nobody knows what the volume of prompts is. I'm just asking why is it different for an SEO and a geo? because it sounds like you and I do the same thing. >> So, you know, like if you if I if I work on uh let's let's come back I don't know 3 years ago when we we don't discuss uh LLMs a lot. uh and if I do the same like I work on on my brand on brand entity on reputation management I don't know on PR on social media on Reddit on website ACEO and like 3 years ago if you say that it's acco now it's J so but the difference is that before you I'm not sure that every company and every brand worked on Reddit a lot on social media on reputation management just for ranking on Google. >> So I started in like I was born a long time ago, right? So I was in university in 1995. I dropped out of university and I started building websites and installing internet. So back then the internet we installed over modems and they made that like ping sound, right? Does that mean that that's not the internet because we used to use modems and now we don't have like modems of the sound or is it still the internet? It's still the internet, right? Back then, Reddit wasn't there. And if you wanted to rank in Yahoo or if you wanted to rank in Mr. G's, you would put the same keyword in your page title multiple times. And that's why we have the joke. 30 years later, an SEO walks into a bar, pub, public house, drinking establishment, in, right? Because that's how SEOs used to do it. But then search engines changed and we stopped doing that because it no longer worked. Does that mean that that's not SEO anymore? uh so and now it's the new step when we when there is a go when there are a new bunch of companies and you know it seemed that I think that a new bunch of companies like profound and and others I would say that entire category of new tools and >> you know they say is it it's relate to SEO right >> so and you know David it seems that we are moving to um slightly moving to a um to a stage with a zero retrieval answer. So and you know like in this case uh I would say that model can answer from its weights without sortion at all. So and >> so you you keep flip-flopping between this right? And I'm just I'm going to just go back to like you need 25 trillion gigabytes to store the web and none of the LM have that. So let's just park that for a second, right? Cuz that's that's just you inserting uh an appeal to to change. It's a logical fallacy. Back in 2005 when I founded my company and we were doing SEO, we used to use a tool called Web CEO because there were a thousand search engines and it would go to each search engine. We would take keywords. We got them from Google Ads. We took those keywords. We put them into that. It ran the query. Now you're saying it's all changed. It's a completely new platform. You go to Google Ads, you get the keywords, you put the keywords in a tool, the tool goes to the search engine, and it measures back the brands. And I'm just wondering where is the law that stops SEOs from doing that? Because that's exactly what I've been doing all this time. And I just don't understand how have I been breaking the law or am I going to get my SEO license revoked or >> so you know >> because I I do the same thing. So >> So David, you base your arguments based on the on that that LLM search engine every time they they want to ask something. But at the same time for example clo uh so you can uh put checkbox uh web search if you want that claude use web search in your in your request in your prompts. So but if I don't put it so LLM just gets the information from the from the from their memory it's clear that this memory they got from search engines but the decision what to answer rely on LLMs it is itself if you go and you you build this sort of like brand entity where are LLM's finding it So they f they found in search engines definitely they so but the final decision what to what to show so it's it's included in their algorithms so they don't rely on their Google >> or or other >> as a search engine. So back to Edward's back to Edward's question, what is it that you do to get this entity in front of the LLM? How do you get that L ent entity for your brand so that LLMs can find it? >> So actually uh if you know your positioning, so then you have to understand what's what's your brand about. I mean, how do you um describe your brand in in in the web on I don't know on your website on in PR in social media and so on to prove LLMs that to prove LLMs your brand entity and positioning. The LLM just reads it and just goes I 100% believe this. If if Vlad says that's what his brand does, I must believe this. I just take it at face value. >> Yes, >> it does. >> Same as a search engine. >> Um, can't agree with you. So, let me show you an example. >> Okay, cuz we we created we created an example of um what was a fun fluencer and before we asked Google what is a fun fluencer? Got nothing. LLM nothing, Chatty, nothing, Perplexity, nothing. And I just created a oneliner and then uh the following day we jumped on a podcast and we like asked Perplexi what's a fun fluencer and wrote like a whole page about what a fun fluency is. So like yesterday I didn't know what a fun fluencer is and now it's like hey fun this is what a fun fluencer is right so um it seems like they both take it at face value but I couldn't have got there without Google because I didn't give it to Perplexity right I didn't go to Perplexity and say here's a fun fluencer I didn't build a brand around a fun fluencer I didn't do any PR around a funfluencer but I got it from somewhere right the only place I gave it to was Google and Bing So um at the end of the day as I mentioned David so so they got information from search engines it's clear but uh as I mentioned before you know like in cloud you can choose to use web search or not to use web search and if you don't use web search this your your experiment so it means that they they will show nothing because they don't have in its memory Okay. So that's why you know like so and uh not all LLMs use web search for every request. >> Yeah. Not for every request, right? They've got a cache. It's expensive to use, right? But we cut LLM. So you keep like missing the question, right? If you build your brand entity and you say like, well, I'm this great brand because I have these reviews and this press release. Because obviously people never lie when they do press releases, right? It's where like especially politicians, they've never lied. Like never has anyone used PR to uh confuse people or spread disinformation. It's just never happened. It's automatically when I see a press release, I like this must be the truth. Like you can go to court just go like it's in a press release. It's a fact, right? Where where are they finding this? Are you you're you're you're back at they have to go and crawl the whole web and build a whole copy of the internet to figure out what brand is what or is it something else? So actually they uh they rely on the information from search from web but they decide which information to get and which not and moreover as I mentioned before they hope they have their own crawlers because if you even look at your website you will see a crawlers from different LLMs and then they decide >> so if I what to show >> so what if I what if I publish a page that says look let's just say let's let's for argument sake say we talking about chess, right? And I said, "You know what? I think Vlad's opinion on chess is wrong." And I write a blog post and I say, "Look, I've been playing chess as long as Vlad, but I've beaten him more times or I've beaten other people more times and I've won more." Uh, I write an article, right? And the search engine gives that back and in first place and the LLM says, "We're going to take David's side of the story." And then imagine it like a week later you write a rebuttal to that and you write a blog post saying, "Look, I think David's wrong just because he won more games. He's older than me and he's played more games." But if you actually look at how many games I've played, I've won more games. I'm better than David and more press releases linked to you and then my website fall my web page falls out. Then the LLM only has your article to base it on, right? So, my article has gone away and because I don't rank in Google anymore in the top 10, the LLM isn't going to use your article anymore. Sorry, my article. So, it's going to change its narrative in its synthesis, right? So, or what if I delete my page from Google, then it's no longer foundable, right? Then all it has is your account of the story to go on. My story disappears, right? So you know like um we don't know what in the memory of LLMs and it maybe they have in their memories all of these pages and they can accept it then >> they have so now we're back to the 100 the 25 trillion gigabytes of data lives like it's like a spare paper basket on the cloud that just magically >> you know like >> like free free space. >> Yeah. So but you know like um you mentioned that um your position is that that all information which LLM gets from the internet they came from search engines but I mentioned that you can look that crows bots they also go to the websites to get some information and you can see it as well so that's why they possibly can mix it that they don't rely only on this information from search engines. So then the crawler in order to get all of that information has to crawl the whole worldwide web. Yet the crawler so if for example if I go to my Bing AI performance tab right if the crawler is building an index and keeping an index why is it coming to my website every single day? So like for example for my SEO site I think I got 54,000 citations last 90 days in Bing and of that it's only 15 pages and I have 384 pages. Why is it coming back every single day to the same 18 pages or if the question isn't asked why isn't it going to the other pages? It's just going to the pages that were in the were were asked. So like for example on Monday it says who are the top SEO experts 2026 and that is asked I think 112 times. So if I look at my log I can see um co-pilot or chatbt come 112 times to my blog. The next day nobody asks about it. They only ask about maybe eat or crawling or another question, but they don't ask about the top SEO experts 2026. Then there's no crawls to that page. And then the next day I see there are 20 questions and then there are 20 crawl requests that match the 20 questions. So why every time like there's only 18 pages, right? like the text value of that is maybe like 2 or 3 kilobytes, right? It's next to nothing. So over 90 days, if the same 19 pages are being cited, why is every single day a thousand times the crawler coming to just the same 19 pages? >> Um because they don't want to rely just on the information. If you're talking about you are talking about crawlers from >> but it's coming back to my p it's I'm talking about if I go to the Bing performance report I have 50,000 citations created from the same 19 pages. I'm happy to bring it up over 90 days it's going the number of queries or the number of citations it's going the same number of times. So if there's 20 questions it's crawling 20 times. If the next day there's no questions there's no crawling. on Wednesday. Now there's 100 questions. There's 100 crawlings. Why? Every time there's a question, it crawls again and again. It's the same 18 pages. >> Uh, so you mean the crawling from right? >> No, my page isn't in Bing. My result is in Bing. They don't get the page from Bing. >> And when you when >> So it's coming to my page. >> Yeah. Yeah. David, when you say about crawling bot, which exactly bot you mean? So in this case we're talking about copilot right or chatbt because they use uh bing for their ra right. So if if there is uh if there is 100 citations for one page that page is fetched 100 times in one day. So over 90 days there's 50,000 citations for the same 19 pages. And every time there's a citation the crawler crawls the page. Why is it crawling the page every time there is a citation? So I would say that the crawlers from LLMs they don't want to rely just on the search engines and if they want to get additional information or to that or to get some >> but from your source they just go directly to your website and crawl it. >> So how come they're only crawling it when it's in a citation? Um, so that's, you know, like that's what's behind the scenes. I mean, in terms of the LLMs and their algorithms, how they do it. >> But if it's if it's if it's saying that it's relying on its own information, why? So, where are we? We're in the 25th of June. So, why in the 25th of May is it crawling the same page, then on Monday it's crawling the page, and then on Tuesday it's crawling the page, and on Wednesday, and if there's 10 searches, it's crawling it 10 times. >> But if there's no if it's not in the citation, it's not crawling it. So, why is it crawling it? so many times. >> So that's not the question for me. I'm not a I don't know tech developer of crawlers. >> But you just said that it it fetches its information on its own. It doesn't want to rely on Bing's information. Why is it keep coming back to my site to get my pages every time? >> So David, I've said that they got information from search engines. That's true. But at the same time they have its own crawlers which can go to your website directly during web search or I don't know in other cases. >> How come it's only getting those 19? But how come it's only getting those 19 pages? Why is it I've got 384 pages. Why is it not getting those other 384 pages? It's only getting the pages that Bing is giving it. Why isn't it coming to fetch the other pages? >> So it's a it's a question for developers of crawlers. But okay uad I have I have I I have a I have a question. Um you know we you you asked me over email like how should I prepare for this and I said oh you know it would be cool if you had like a case study for or like a few case studies of of things that you did where you like success stories and how you actually got brands more AI visibility and the exact tactics that that you did that move the needle. I think that would be really cool to share. >> Okay. Okay. Let's do it. Um I have a maybe not success case but maybe negative case but it's it could be an option. Um so uh you know like uh I have an agency in crypto and like last update of Google uh our company and our competitors were pessimized in Google in ranking. uh but at the same time you know like uh we were growing in uh um in LLM answer in AI visibility. So this is just one example of how it could be how it could happen and for us I would say that we if you measure it not in um visibility clicks and so on it's important part of traffic and leads because many potential clients which they are looking for marketing agency for crypto brands they use LLMs to find the right answer and yeah for now unfortunately we were epmized in Google but at the same time thank thankful to LLMs we are still getting leads and clients >> um just trying to understand the difference um cuz I think we do something similar >> actually uh we have like the main uh in my case the main keywords for Google is like crypto marketing agencies. That's I would say the best uh option and maybe around 80% of all requests comes from uh come from from this group of keywords like crypto marketing agency, marketing agency in crypto and so on. And unfortunately I don't know why but last update almost all of the players in the market were pessimized. It means that from position one we had like a position one in United States now it's lost I don't know it maybe I don't know 90 or something like this so it's just the last update of Google so uh unfortunately but at the same time we are still getting leads from um from from LMS >> I want to did you do any exact tactics like Um was there any like AI visibility optimization that you did? >> Um definitely yes as I mentioned before we've started to do like brand entity and um um we definitely did I don't know rated stuff and blah blah blah but at the same time you know like um we found that LLMs ask to provide exact uh answers for exact requests. Let's say that a user come to Chad DPT and asks I have a crypto exchange please advise me the best agency for a crypto exchange and LLMs look looks not only on I don't know search engine Reddit and other stuff but they LLM goes to your case studies find relevant case studies and say Okay, these guys are the best one because they have the same case. These guys are are better for I don't know for crypto wallets and so on. So that's why I would say that we found our positioning and clear our clients. We started to work on it in many areas just to build a brand. So, and I would say that this is the this approach helped to to be mentioned in LLMs. You're saying that the LLMs went around the entire internet based on what you said about your brand. They believed that you were the best for crypto marketing even though they they had no way of testing you against any other agency. They just you said that you were the best and they were like they're the best. That's it. I would say that they rely on all information from internet including reviews, including case studies, including including I don't know media and so on. >> So because a customer said you were the best that means you're objectively the best. >> Um so you mean that how LLM decides that we are the best or what? >> So so you said that you you created your brand entity information, right? using reviews and publishing information on the internet and the LLMs were able to come and read that and then just ascertain that you were the best. They just that's it because you had the best reviews or more reviews or whatever they based solely on that information that they couldn't validate. They decided you were the best. That's essentially what you're saying. >> So actually they gathered all the information from the internet. I mean from the search engines let's let's say from from from the web. So then they've they've I think that they've done for the same for other competitors for their other marketing agency focused on crypto and then they evaluate on their weights on their numbers which which company fits better. But they do this for cars, motorbikes, airplanes, travels, hotels, bed and breakfast, fast food restaurants, pizza, uh, recipes, SEO agencies, paid search agencies, social media agencies, um, trucking companies, and they do this for the whole world. They go around and they assess every single brand, and they go for every single brand, this is the best in category. And they do this either at training or along the way. and they go because of our waitings whether it's reviews or PR or how many mentions you have or how many reviews you have they take every single category crypto because I mean if they're doing crypto they've got to do PR agencies right so there are PR agencies in England Wales France Scotland Poland where you are right South Africa Malawi Kenya so for every company like there's like what 5 million small companies in America they've got every single brand whether you're a plumber electrician, a landscaper, they go and look at every single brand and they've built a database of all of the brands and they've gone like this is the best in every single brand. They get this information from their memory from search engines as well. Uh and additionally they also can grab some information and to get the uh the most important information which is required for the exact request. If you're looking for the best crypto marketing agency for crypto exchange let's say so it mean that they they not just rely on the top 10 in Google on ranking Google we who are the in top 10 of Google as I mentioned they also looked at the case studies which Google doesn't and I think that yeah they looked at the case study they look at the reviews did in the reviews were mentioned I don't know the same cases and so on. So they got I would say more information and than Google does. So and based on this information from >> they have more information than Google has. >> I would say that they have the same information but they they do analysis of this information better than Google. >> Okay. So they so if I go to an LLM and I type in who are the top SEO agencies and I see Google return certain amount of results. How are they then getting data on all of the brands that Google excluded? You're saying that they actually so so why use Google if they already know what the answer is? I don't understand it. they don't know the so you know like there are different types of uh different types of approaches in LMS so you know like it could be a short answer from the memory it could be using web search so it could be research when they do deeply uh searching for for for additional information so ba based on this you can divide but if you let's say if you use I don't know Oppus 4.8 So and you ask okay what's the best crypto marketing agency they definitely get this information from the search engines but the next step will be analyze this information not just read who are the best but get some additional information about as I mentioned before case studies and so on and Google doesn't do it so you know like you just see the list of links and that's all >> so you're saying then that the depending on how hard it works the the best agency changes. >> Uh it depends on your request and how deeply you want to evaluate. Yeah, definitely. Yes. >> So if you say you want the best agency and then you say I want you to do the best agency but I want you to do more research, it changes but it already knew who the best agency was because it did the research. >> It could be slightly changed. Yeah. >> Okay. So so best is kind of like subjective. >> Uh yeah. you know, you you can add some additional information and it could change your your answer. Yeah. So if it if it's already done this research because like what you're saying is it has to research every single brand which means it has database on every single brand then why is it going to Google like it doesn't make any sense like so for example if I say uh give me the best crypto networks and I think you you said you arrived at this conclusion because you were ranking in Google and then you dropped in Google but you remained whereas what I would say is that if you look at the query fan out the query fan out probably included like something like a year or perhaps a page that quoted you was still left in the query fan out and then you would be recommended in the list. What seems to make more sense is that if you again every time we run a search we see a query fan out, we never see brands in the results that aren't mentioned in the pages that are in the result set. But I've never seen a brand sort of like appear from nowhere. At the same time, if I can go to Google today and do a search for best SEO agency in Canada, and I've never built a page for best SEO agency in Canada, and then I write the page, best SEO agencies in Canada, and I put my agency there. And then I run a query and it goes and does a query fan out and Google returns one of my pages with primary position in it and then I appear in the LLM results. How am I appearing in the LLM results if the LLM is doing all this brand research and it's never mentioned me before. >> So actually David I didn't say that LLMs have all brands and all information about the brands. So so they use search engines. So but they use it differently and evaluate information differently. So let's say that I don't know you have a ACO agency in New York right so if you for example search for AEO agency in New York I don't know and it will be top ranked in Google and if you say that this information and you've worked on I don't know Reddit or you've worked on other stuff like in SEO to that your website will be ranked in Google so if I go right now in perplexity chpd clot and ask the agency in New York. Am I right that I'll see the same result as I have in Google? >> No, because one the the query and the prompt changes. Two, you have like a a history with the LLM. That's not what I'm arguing. What I'm arguing, what I'm saying is that I don't see how the LLMs are building um information on certain brands and then it's only some brands like that match special criteria, but then I can go and do a search for a recommendation for a category and it doesn't recommend the brand and then I can create a page that matches certain query fanouts and then that's inserted in the LLM all of a sudden that wasn't mentioned by the by the LLM yesterday. How is it that the LLM is deciding on the brand if it was missing from Google today and it's visible tomorrow? That's I'm just asking what the rules are. >> So they use a their internal algorithm. I can't say you know like exactly how it works but at the same time they have the memory so they can use a web browser right now. But the final decision and the final decision what to show is on its site. But if the if the search if if if the brand wasn't in the search engine yesterday and then you up you use the same prompt you used yesterday and now the brand is mentioned in the query fan out and now the LLM produces that brand. How is it that it's using its own criteria if it's changing because Google has changed? >> So you know like it it gets information from Google for sure. So I don't say that oh from or from I don't know Brave. So from different search engines but my point is that uh it's not the same like in SEO. It's not the same rank like you see in Google. So it's different. >> Yeah. So that's what I'm saying. If yesterday and so for this whole year, right, if I take an if I take best eat checker, right, I was never ranking in best eat checker and I'm not I'm not a I don't have an eat checker, right? I'm not saying that I appear in the list of e checkers, right? My brand was never included in it and the information on my page was never cited in that page, right? cuz it's actually LLMs aren't actually designed to recommend brands. It's just what they do. They just get information and if there's brands in a page, it's returned. They they don't know one brand over another. They don't actually do any research because I can let's let's not let's eat checker is a bit difficult. Let's do eat expert, right? So, the top eat experts, right? Because Edward and I appear in that list sometimes, right? Because there's a lot of people that in the eat expert list. I was never in the list because I was never an eat expert, but I created a list of eat experts and I put in people that weren't eat experts. And the following day after being included in in in Google when I went to chat or perplexity and I'm not saying it it's there for every single prompt because there's a query drift and I don't have the time to I don't actually want to be an ET expert. >> It now recommended Edward me and Lars Lofgrren and we were both on the record of saying that Eid is completely made up. Right? So, if it's doing all this research and it says this is the best brand or the best expert and we have a 15minute video of Lars going on a an Fbomb tangent saying eat is rubbish, why then is all of the LM recommending them if we're all saying it's rubbish? So I would say that if you do a deep research so they definitely say that uh you are newcomer in this market let's say and please double check it >> doesn't say I'm a newcomer I it says I have 20 years experience in eat as an eat expert >> uh so I mean if you if you're based just on on one article or one blog post or something like this so and you know like we've made such kind of test before so if I want that um Um, so you can you can insert in LLMs any information you want through search engines. That's definitely true and you could be you could be any expert you want. But the point in the long term it doesn't work. Yes, today uh we will see that you are an expert but if you don't prove this like day by day, week by week so you will disappear. We do the same for we did the same test you know like before. >> Okay. Okay. So, have you done a So, have you done a test like this? Right. Um, I find this one really interesting. Top SEOs to follow on Reddit. Right. I would expect if I was asking an LLM, who are the top SEOs to follow on Reddit, an agent would go through Reddit, come back and tell me that these people are voted the most or talked about the most or speak the most or get the most up votes. But when you look at the query fan out, whatever search engine goes to, it finds the most relevant page. And the most relevant page is actually a RS SEO Reddit that says these are the top SEOs to follow. So it's not going to reddit and going like who are the top SEOs. It found a page or it's given a page that says here are the top SEOs to follow. Now it also gets 10 other pages. eight of them aren't even from Reddit because Google rarely returns more than two results per page. And the people that are on the list may not even be on Reddit. So, it might return me, it might return Edward, it might return um Lily Ray, it might return Joy Hawkins who is on Reddit and is amazing SEO as well. U and it'll give all these people like Barry Schwarz and Barry Schwarz isn't active on Reddit. He hasn't been active on Reddit like in three years. And it's been doing this for the last eight months. How is it saying that these are the top SEOs to follow on Reddit if one they're not even active and two they're only in one page on Reddit that just matches the search phrase like where where are they doing the research? >> So actually um we definitely need to make a fact checking if you get information from LLMs. So, and by research I mean that they uh go to search engines and look not just on Reddit or blog post they found but to try to find more. I mean maybe reviews, maybe other mentions, but they gather all these >> they literally just take but they take that one page. You can literally visit the page and you can see it in the list and they literally go in the same order that are on the page that one person wrote. >> Okay. But uh you know like it maybe it happens today. So I need to to see this page. >> Yeah. But uh um you know, like I I would say that if you're talking about long term and let's say I'm not sure that it will be the same for for next year, for next 6 months, for next 3 months as a brand, >> next year another page, another page could change, right? I'm saying that it's recommending people that aren't even on Reddit. It's only recommending them because they're on that page. And before that page ranked, it never mentioned them. That's what I'm trying to say. like I can create a list and put it in to it and depending on that query fan out and the drift in the query fan out and the pages that are that come up in each term it's pivoting all the time. So if it's doing all of this research why is it showing people that don't exist on Reddit as the best people to follow on Reddit and it has been doing it consistently because I tweet about it once a week on on X. >> So you know David I think that it's a good example that you can cheat LLM and insert any information you want. So even people who are not >> so if I can an LLM >> but you said it's doing all this research and it's understanding all this brand equity. So how is it doing that and not doing it at the same time? I don't understand that. >> So let's say J could be a cheating LLM and to put the information you want. So that's why this is a good example that you know like that go works. I mean that if you want to insert any information in LMS, it's doable even if you are not expert in Reddit. Okay. But I'm I'm saying this isn't a question of like geo versus SEO. I'm I'm just trying to understand if you're saying that it does all this research. I'm saying but if I change the constituent pages and the pages are changed because Google has changed it. It sounds like to me that Google is picking the results from which the LLM is making its deductions. >> But you're making I want to say you're making an interesting point. You might I'll give an example of a press release. So it's it's well known that you can buy a cheap press release and that will and you you put a keyword in the title of the press release and then that will actually the LLM will see the press release. It will synthesize what's in the press release and kind of quote it verbatim or say whatever the press release says. And to an to a user who says who sees the press release, it actually might be like you might see it syndicated on Yahoo Finance or something. And to the user, it it'll say at the top, you know, this is a press release and and this is like a paid press release. And and so the user might be like, "Oh, this is like a press release and I shouldn't really trust this." But the LLM might not even say that. They might the LLM might just say, "What's in the press release?" And and and so that's kind of like one of the differences that you're getting at. Is that is that correct? >> So actually I would say that yeah LMS can get the information from press releases but at the same time users don't read it. Yes, that's true. >> Well it's it's at the user it said yeah if the user was if the user saw the press release the user would know that it was a paid press release that was syndicated to another website because it would say it at the top but chat GPT is just going to say what's in the press. Sometimes chatt might say what's in the press release without saying that this is actually a paid press release and that you shouldn't trust it. >> That's true. So sometimes it happens >> and and that is something that that like SEOs know how to do. It's like oh this was we can we can put out a like uh this is actually an older this was like Harpit who's been on the show many times before. when he shared this he said Harpri Singh he he said this was an older SEO tactic that SEOs used to use all the time that stopped working as well just because like like we people know that this is a press release but now that chat GPT or AI overviews are quoting the press release without even saying that it's a press release it's actually sometimes it's more worth doing >> David you you were saying something >> yeah and I yeah I so I I This is a great point because this is exactly where I'm getting to, right? If I, let's say I see um my competitor putting up a press release saying that they're the better SEO agency or the better eat expert, I can take my SEO skills and push their press release out of the way. >> Y >> and then I'm mentioned by the LLM. And what I think is fascinating is if you look at the number of press release press releases and not let's not even talk about syndication, right? Cuz like one press release could be syndicated 1,800 times, right? If I can push that press release out of the way in Google and I do the same prompt in in the LLM and then because the my competitor's press release is no longer quoted and I am, it doesn't seem to me that the LLM is picking the press release. It sounds to me that Google is or the search engine is giving it the press release and it changes its opinion based on what it's fed. That doesn't sound to me like a system that's researching it. H um I would say that you know like um if you if you compare the two different the same request in Google and in LLMs and you ask a person okay which answer you like more. Um I'm not sure that that people users just say okay answer from Google is better than from chat dp. What does it mean? uh so it mean that okay the final answer from Chad DPT or I don't know other LLMs so they like it more it could be I don't know sponsored it could be I don't know uh faked and so on but at the end of the day so it's the a person who uses uh LLM so that I would say that they like it more >> gentlemen I want to I'm going to wrap with one question we've been this has been very good we've been on for two hours. I'm going to wrap with this with with a question and and and I'd like an answer from each of you. David and the the question is for for both, but we'll get a cool answer from each. Um David, a a person comes to you and they say, "I want to I want my brand to be recommended by Chachi PT. Give me the top two things to do." What do you tell them? So, >> I would say take a look at what the most common questions asked are. uh see where you're ranking and not ranking. Uh go to the the the engines the LLMs put in the prompt and then look at the query fan out. So Vlad was saying for example earlier that his search he was no longer ranking Google but he was found in chat GBT and that's because the query is different right remember I had that cartoon with like the prompt is not the query right so basically you could be you could do ask for what is the top crypto site or best crypto site but the LLM is saying who are the best recommended crypto networks for 2025 for example and even though you don't rank in Google for the first phrase you actually rank in Google for the second phrase, you will be recommended in the final result set. So all we have to do is find the difference between the prompt and the query and once you rank for the query, you'll be regurgitated by the LLM about 90% of the time. >> You Vlad, >> so from my side, I would say that the first point we need to make an AI visibility audit based on the hundreds of different requests to understand where we are and where our competitors are. So then uh to understand like our position on brand entity to see the gaps between competitors if they are higher in LLM than our brand. So and then just to work on it on uh these gaps on its brand entity. Yeah. And do it like uh week by week. >> Gentlemen, thank you so much. Vlad, this is since since this is your first time on the show, where should everybody find you? Uh, so actually I would say in LinkedIn. >> Yep. And all of your all of your links will also be in the description. So on LinkedIn and you have Stive.ai. David, you've been on many times. Everybody knows you. Uh, >> yep. Everyone knows if you look for me, you can find Dennis Quaid and all his movies and it's because Google's so smart. >> This is episode 1 of the podcast 187 days in a row doing this show. If you watch us on YouTube, thank you so much for watching. If you listened on Spotify or Apple Podcast, thank you so much for listening and thank you again to my wonderful guests and I will talk to you again tomorrow. Bye now.