Title: Google Discover Is the Biggest Traffic Opportunity SEOs Are Missing (1B+ Clicks Proven)
Date: 2026-06-27
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=8FRIVkRMgBc

We are cracking Google Discover today. We're joined by Gem. And Gem, you wrote on X, and I made a podcast about this. You wrote on X. Google Discover is the most powerful free traffic source for publishers by far. Nothing else delivers 5 million daily visits from a single article. I've spent 5 years cracking it. 120 plus publishers publishers, 30 countries, over 1 billion clicks. So, GM, thank you. Thank you for coming on the podcast. >> Thank you. Thank you to have me. Uh so just to start, I'm not an English native speaker, so if I have some weird sentence, uh apologize for that. I hope my accent is okay. And yeah, thank you for the invitation. >> Did you share your background? You've you've worked with 120 plus publishers, 30 countries, over 1 billion clicks. You said 5 million daily visits. Daily visits from a single article. on only one website. Uh so I didn't count all the website together. Uh so basically I'm uh I was in the SEO industry uh for 10 years. Uh I worked in an agency like and I started to have some side business like a lot of uh publisher with affiliation uh websites with uh traffic websites and my side business started to be uh like the salary was better than my real salary. You know what I mean? that you say hm maybe I need to go a bit dig a bit deeper in that. Uh and so I launched my own company about 10 years ago. Uh so it was firstly like a publishing company. I launched some media website, some news websites, some application websites and I started to see uh some spike on Google discover the mysterious Google discover tab. No one talked about uh at this point and I was like that's crazy because sometime it's it's like thousand of clicks and no one talked about it. So I just like put in I put myself in the research and development mode and I just try try try to kind of reverse engineering the algorithm like to see there is something it's not just luck there is something there is a pattern there so I found it I finally found it uh I start to talk about my success in in Twitter because it's a network that I I like I like uh so yeah I share some screenshots some success stories some mistakes I do also uh because I crash a lot of websites too. So it's really important when you try to understand something. Uh and yeah slowly media outlets start to contact me in DM and said okay you seems to know something about Google discover it's a really big part of our traffic so maybe we can have a chat. Uh and I I ate sell my work like I'm not a consultant uh I don't like to sell my time. Uh so I just thought um maybe it's better to just like partnership you know work on your media outlets and we split the revenue that uh I generate with my uh skills and if it doesn't work you don't have to pay anything uh the risk is on me and yeah so I started like that and I launch uh an offer it was discover partners at first uh based on this uh revenue sharing model it worked quite well really well and so this is why I work with a huge amount of media and publisher um worldwide because um I started to tweet in English uh also and it's bring a lot of DM. Uh so yeah uh I had a lot of uh I think I add um at some point I add a website like a media on every continent at the same time. So it's really good because you can see the core updates are global and sometime they are not. So it's it's nice to have this uh this view and yeah now we are five on the on the agency uh and we still work only with a performance-based model. So yeah it's the way I I like to work >> is awesome. Super exciting. Um we're going to get into advanced tactics in a in a bit but just like basics can you explain Google discover for people who haven't even heard of it. That's really an important question because when you ask someone, do you know Google discover? Do you use it? They typically say no. I I don't know what you mean. What is it? Uh the good part is a lot of people use it and they don't know the name of it because it's on Android phone. So basically you have just to uh maybe I can show it. I don't know if it's not be really clear but it's an Android phone. I just go here and I'm in Google discover. So there is a feed basically. It's like a Instagram feed. Uh it's really a thing of the >> I have a I have a question because you know I see this as well in the Google app on my iPhone. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> And so it's so that's Google discover as well >> also. Exactly. You can can you show me my screen? I will answer you because sometime people um confuse it with uh Apple News for example. >> So I'm going to open I'm opening the Google app >> and and then and then you see you see here. So here's the search bar and then you can scroll down. That's And that's Google Discover, too. >> Exactly. And that's a really important >> And this is on an iPhone. >> Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. It's really important because Android the share market of Android in in the US and in Europe are not the same at all. In the US, you have more iPhone and in Europe it's I think it's at some point it was 80% of the market. So huge market. Everyone had the the app installed like I mean you just have to swipe and you you know you you are you wait uh in in a in a queue uh you are in toilets you just have 10 minutes you know what I mean? Yeah, I do >> doom scroll. Okay, like in the US, a lot of people say, "Oh, I'm in I'm in an iPhone, but just open Google Chrome and you are like you just showed up uh in in Google Discover." So, exactly. It's a massive used because Google is really good to impose his product. So, it's Android are everywhere. Google Chrome is everywhere. When it's free, you're the product. So basically, >> what are the basic requirements to get a blog or an article section into Google Discover? Just the absolute basics. This method of marketing is so effective, I had to make sure it wasn't against Google's rules before I kept using it. It's a form of SEO I call compact keywords. Whereas most SEO focuses on putting up articles to answer questions, how, what, when, compact keywords focuses on putting up dozens of pages that sell to searchers who are actually looking to buy. These pages rank on Google and convert so much better than normal that when I discovered this years ago, I couldn't believe this was allowed. It's less work, too. The average compact keywords landing page is only 415 words. Compact Keywords is a 13-hour deep course on getting sales with SEO. A customer said, "We spent nearly 18,000 in the last year and a half on marketing and SEO through different agencies locally, and that did nothing. We decided to take the leap on the compact keywords course. We're now getting about 6 to eight calls per day on a good day, which is just unheard of. Another customer said, "Give it to a junior employee. Have them follow it exactly as Edwards laid out. You don't have to do anything, and you're going to gain a six-f figureure SEO level employee just by having them go through this course. Compact Keywords is about setting up an SEO funnel that brings you sales for years and years and years. It works with AI. It's less work than traditional SEO, and it makes way more money. You can get it now at compactkeywords.com. Back to the podcast. Yep. >> For like let's say like somebody's a niche somebody's a a maybe like a one or two year old niche blog and they're like okay how do I get Google discover traffic? >> Yeah. Exactly. Uh so first you need a website for sure because it's article on the uh no it's some a mix of social media but I just put it uh in the backside because yeah to be clear. So you need a website, you need to have an editorial purpose. If you are, for example, an e-commerce or stuff like that, it's not the best fit. >> Can you say, can you say that again? You have to what? >> To to have like an editorial um essence like you need to have uh like you said a blog, it's a good example. You need to have um persistent consistent publication flow. So it's really important. If you just have a static website that you don't publish on uh for five years, not the best fit. you need to reactivate the editorial um purpose. I know >> so forward so forward/blog is okay. >> Oh yeah, it's perfectly okay. >> And and then like is there is there an amount of I I I saw you post that you can have such a thing as too much volume but is there a minimum amount of volume that you want to have? >> Yeah. So I always recommend to start with one article a day. So one article a day is it could seem big for some website. It could be a little bit less uh but you need to be consistent. So the the frequency it's more important than the quantity there. Um another really important thing you need to know your audience. So it's not it's not keyword related. It's not SEO at all. It's closer than Tik Tok to SEO. So you need to not don't think it as a niche. Think about your audience. Uh let's find an example. Let's say I don't know you have um do you have an example of a niche? Maybe we can start with that. >> Okay, let's do How about You know what? Um HouseFresh. Are you familiar with HouseFresh? They got hit by >> Not much. Can you explain it a little bit? >> They are a a a big um air purifier blog. Oh, >> yeah. >> And they got hit by the Google helpful content update and then and they were they were previously like at their all-time high before the Google helpful content update. They were at 50,000 clicks a month. Got hit by it. They were down to like 1,000 clicks a month. got out of it and now they're at like 275,000 clicks a month and they're Yeah. So they're more of like what you would imagine like an affiliate blog. So a niche publisher publishing about air purifiers. >> Yeah. Exactly. Okay. So uh and we need to talk about the core updates. It's a really important topic and we will explore it I think after it. Um but yeah so let's take this example. You you talk about a niche product. uh you won't make like one article a day about just that because it's a bit too narrow. Uh so you need to find what your audience consume in term of content to do that. You don't uh just guess randomly you just go to your uh Google Analytics activate the audience collection. It depend if you are in the US I think it's by default in Europe. in Europe, you need to activate it and and after you start collecting the uh gender, the age, the demographic, etc., etc. And more important, the interest. So, you will have access to what your audience typically likes a bit. >> Wait, so so walk so walk me through in Google in in Google search console, where do you have to go? >> Oh, so it's not it's not in the search console. It's in analytics. >> It's in analytics. Awesome. I'm sorry. >> Exactly. So I just try to uh guide you with an English version of it. So you go to reports. >> Okay. >> And you go to user and then user attributes overview. >> So then you go to Oh, user attributes. Yeah, I see it. And then >> and then overview. Uhhuh. >> Exactly. If it's active, you have >> If it's not, you just have to click and wait one or two days. Uh something like that. So there you have the ages, you have the interest for example, home and garden, home decor enthusiast, travel, food and drinks etc. Uh so with that you can start building a persona and it's really important you if you want to publish one article a day you need to think of article that these kind of people would like even if it's not your niche you know what I mean so uh with your example I don't know u maybe you will have u like home and garden for example okay so maybe you can extend it to home advice you know home tips how to uh people who love to have clean home, a clean clean air, a clean home. >> Exactly. This kind of thing. So you don't guess, you just uh like you kind of guess but with some data. Okay. So really important. Uh then you have your persona. Try to have like one sentence. Okay. My typical persona, my my number one is a woman 40 to 50 ages um years ago, not years ago, year old, sorry. And interested by and decoration. So I will try to just stick to this one to this persona. You can extend after really important but let's keep it simple. Uh so then you start producing for a persona and you have an audience that you will speak to. So it's more clear than just try to make thousand of article randomly. So the first thing is that after it's really important to consider what asset do you have? So to go on to to be on Google discover Google needs to like your website. So you need to have strong signal. What are the signal? So the UIX the user experience. So is your website slow because Google discover is on mobile. So if the someone clicks and have to wait huge amount of time pogo sticking it's not good. So really good to have clear technical foundation for the UIX not for the algorithm for the the people who read the article. Um after that you need to have um a strong title images and content not that important. I will maybe uh answer that after. But the the the real important thing is the stop scroll. So you need to have the uh something that stop the scroll because people won't search you. Google will push you. It's it's push. So it's really important. It's not pull. Uh and yeah, I talked about assets. So strong SEO traffic, strong SEO metric. Don't like don't be destroyed by a core update is better because if Google don't like you, it will not push you massively on Google discover. But even if it's a case, you can start slowly and after an X4 update, you can like just explode. Okay. Uh and what's uh other important assets? Social media, newsletter, this kind of thing. A thing that Google will see and if you have people who arrive to your website with a mixed traffic, not only SEO, but also direct traffic, you know, this kind of thing, it's a strong signal of engagement with your content. So, it's really really important. So Google likes to see branded searches to actually understand that you are a brand. If you have branded searches, that means you're a brand. People are searching your brand name. You're a brand. >> Exactly. Really important to have some notoriety keyword in your search. >> Can you do it if you're like let's say you're you're not let's say Yeah. you're that niche blog. You're still kind of new. You you haven't established yourself as a brand that people are searching, but you still want to get traffic with Google Discover and you're posting once a day and you've picked a niche. Is it still possible? >> It's still possible. It's a bit harder to be really honest because there was a massive uh spam wave typically in France because there is a lot of black hat SEO in France. We have a really a big black hat culture in France contrary to the US if I if I understood correctly. Uh people really like to dig. >> Connect me with connect me with some of your black hat friends. I'd love to have them on the show. Sorry, >> I said connect me with some of your black hat friends. I would love to have them on the podcast. >> I know uh one guy in particular uh and he he made so many massive spam websites with some a good example of an asset. So for example, this uh specific act was to have a Google My Business expired domain website because Google know your entity by the search keyword etc. like is there a keyword related to the brand and is there for example a Google profile related to this? So the knowledge graph the Google ecosystem is really important for the signal. Uh and so typically it was a act like you just had to have a a Google my business and Google just said okay it's a real company there is an address there there is you know what I mean real hours of opening there is reviews so if you go on Google discover with that assets it's a really strong signal because of it spam wave it was u beginning of the of the year uh Google really uh tightened the thing so now it's really harder for small websites. It's not impossible though, but it's really harder compared to 2 years ago or one years ago. So I want to be clear about that. This is why you know we mainly work with real brand, real media, media outlet etc. because Google don't want to take the risks. There was too many false signal that you can manipulate. Uh so it's this is why it's a bit harder but not impossible. Again, >> how can a how can a publisher just even like still on basics, how can a publisher tell if they're already appearing in Google discover? >> Yeah, simple. You go to search console and you have the discover tab. It's you it's not something that you can apply for. It's like Google News now. It's algorithm. So, if you have the consistency, like I said, one article a day, you speak to an audience, you have a mix of traffic, social media, SEO, etc., Normally you will appear on Google discover at some point when you have Y. >> Are there any other technical requirements to be eligible for Google Discover? >> Not much to be honest. The the foundation the technical foundation like I said the the images like you need to have a great images a big one a publication date and an author like sign the article with an author. Um, and that basically it. If your content is interesting, your website is editorial by nature, you you you just have the the you check the the thing. >> What are the most for people who are seeing they're seeing discover in Google Search Console, but they're not getting anything. What are the most common reasons that a site gets zero discover impressions? >> Yeah, simple. There is no strategy, no specific strategy for Google Discover. A lot of people uh like think it's SEO a bit like SEO or just think I need to publish I I test one or two article one shot with uh clickbait title clickbait images a really long content like SEO it it it won't work it won't work because it's a different uh channel. So, >> have you have you seen have you seen any brand successfully um successfully do SEO and Google discover together with with articles >> every day? every day every media that we work with uh they have SEO traffic for like affiliation for content to commerce this kind of thing or just like definition or whatever and they have Google discover and the repetition like the the to to have number in in your mind uh in SEO you are happy when you have let's say in France there is a less population than the US if you have 1 million visitor monthly from SEO it's good it's it's a big website okay So with media outlet now it's a bit like that. They have like 1 2 million a month. With Google discover it's 1 2 million a day. So it's really really a massive difference. And the the a good website a good media would have like 80% of his traffic from Google discover. It's the the number one channel for media. And a strange thing I just uh I go deeper but in the US because I have a lot of people interested by uh by my service in the US um I don't know why but the media the publisher don't really take the time to um like uh go deeper on Google discover uh sometime there are just 5% 10% of um uh traffic share on Google discover and I said you can like you can do 10 10 times more just with a proper strategy. So the number one mistake is that you don't have a proper strategy for Google discover. >> How often do you see very successful pieces on Google Discover that are just getting zero traffic from SEO? >> Uh you mean a website that has only Google traffic and no SEO at all? >> No, no, no. I'm saying I'm saying, okay, you have a blog, you're putting up Yeah. And so you're doing you're doing one article a day. Is it possible to do it with less than an article a day? Yeah, you can you can do one a week as long as you have a good frequency like you are consistent. >> Uhhuh. >> It could fit. >> Okay. >> It will take longer. >> Okay, that makes sense. And so yeah. So how often do you see uh let's let's say articles or blog posts that will do really well on Google Discover but just won't get any traffic from organic search. And that could be because of like, you know, to make a really appealing title, it might not actually be a title that's optimized for any specific keyword. >> Yes. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Because it's two different channel. You you don't chase the two uh like in the same time. And honestly, I just forgot about about SEO when I discovered the Google discover traffic because at one point you do like hundred of clicks and the other side million of clicks. So to be honest, I choose my uh direction and the the media for example in France the media outlets just forget about SEO. They do it as as like some breadcrumbs but Google discover is so much powerful they just have good title for Google discover. A thing that you can do though it's uh to optimize your title for SEO after the discover wave because because when you uh are um um in Google discover you your artic your article will last for one to one one day to one week. So after that the distribution is over. Uh so you can just optimize your article for SEO because it's not the the same you know I mean the the time uh after that. So you can do both, but to be honest, uh, yeah, it's not the same power for media. >> Yeah, that makes sense. How when when when you shared your story at the beginning, how so how long ago was it that you first started noticing Google discover traffic where you're like, "Oh, what's this?" >> Yeah. So it was uh back in hm 2012, I think, something like that. And I and I had uh I had bought a Google News website, >> you know. also Google News website uh I don't know if you familiar with that it's uh you can appear on Google news and you have instant indexation so it's really a specific thing and you can appear in top story for a keyword okay uh so with that it's really powerful because for example you do an article about bitcoins uh you can be number three in SEO ranking in in an hour it's a strong keyword for SEO and you can appear there so I started like that with Google News websites And Google News websites like I said are ed editorial by nature. So for Google discover there is some bridge there. Okay. There is some connection. So I add the the tab but no traffic like a lot of people. After some time I because I'm consistent with my publication rates and stuff. I add some spike and I started notice some interesting things. For example, when I was in top story for a keyword, uh I started to uh have some spike on Google discover because of the traffic. So traffic is really important. Traffic is a new backlink. So traffic is good for the SEO. This is why I go back to your question. When you artic it hard on Google discover, you take huge keyword in SEO without notice because you have a much massive amount of traffic. So it's a big signal for the search engine as well. Uh so it's really important to to know that and it's really the even for SEO it's it's really a big thing to to have in mind. So you were saying that yeah Google discover is mainly for publishers but could do you do you ever see SAS companies B2B e-commerce um >> you can you can because the thing that you can do for example we work with some brands I can't say the name because it's over NDA for sure but famous brain uh brain brand sorry >> and uh you have a slash like a directory a blog directory and on this directory you can do editorial content The thing after is to have a clear objective. Is it the goal? Is it to be visible on a massive scale at massive scale or is it to drive sale directly? So this is why sometime people struggle because they want to sell their uh services with a cold traffic because Google discover people don't know you. If you just want to sell something, it's not the best channel. So this is why I always suggest to have to to see it as a more like a monetization with a display ads. It's better. It's easier because you won't want to sell something with Google cover. You can, but it's not the best approach to be honest. >> Yeah, it makes sense. I mean, um I'm I'm pretty big on Tik Tok and Instagram and uh I've made many many viral videos getting millions of views every month. Uh, but what I do is I do the pitch at the end of the video. It It's like people people don't have the patience to have the pitch at the beginning of the video. And so I will typically it's like I will show something interesting and then if you want to learn more, here's how you learn more and that's the pitch. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. There is a lot of similarity with Tik Tok. For example, the watch time is really important. So you need to have a short article because if your article is like SEO 10,000 word uh Google will just see people won't don't read it uh fully like a Tik Tok video. So it's not interesting. So it's important to have snacking content. Uh it's important to think like a watch time uh and to think like a storytelling. This is why I said the content is not important. It's only important for the engagement signal. It's not important for the algorithm itself. Don't put keyword on it. Don't put this kind of thing. Just put think user like Google said, think user. It's really important. >> This is kind of a this is more a more complex question, but maybe you've thought about this. Do you ever have situations where high publishing frequency will cause traditional SEO issues like keyword cannibalization or bloat and require pruning and things like that? Not really to be honest. Typically when you have Google discover traffic your SEO improve by a lot because of the traffic. Like I said um in term of um keyword cannibalization uh I'm not SEO anymore. I don't consider myself as an SEO. I I don't want to put like a guess about that. But to be honest it's not a concern when you when you have million of traffic more. So it's not that important in perspective. Um and you you said content printing I I hear. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Content printing to me it's one of the biggest mistake you can do on Google discover uh because you just you basically cut your your your trustful content. Imagine a blog that you start in uh like 10 years ago. You have article that are for sure not accurate in this timeline. Okay. you want to cut it sometimes by like not thousand but let let's say hundred of article like that so you just like print this and for Google discover it's your uh content depth that you just cut so basically you just put your trust editorial trust in the dust bin so to me it's really absurd to do that and for IO I don't know for SEO maybe it's a good idea but to be honest for discover it's one of the biggest mistake you just cut your trust you would have massive uh redirection planned to do. Google discover don't like massive redirection because of the spammer because it was way too po powerful in black hat SEO. Even for SEO it's there was massive uh like thing with that and for Google discover as well. So if you do that I see massive media with big traffic just dead because of content printing on Google discover I said. So to me it's really not the the best thing to do if you if you want to to to go on Google discover. >> That's really interesting. There's a lot of par parallels between Tik Tok. A lot of people don't realize but if you actually delete a video on Tik Tok then your view you get less views for the next couple of videos. And the way to actually if you don't want people to see your video you have to set the privacy to private. >> You shouldn't actually delete it. when you delete it, you delete all the signals that were associated with that that piece of content on Tik Tok and you will literally just see worse performance for the next couple of videos. >> Exactly. So this is why to me it's it's it's absurd for for Google discover for SEO I I don't have any case study or stuff like that. I I see some people with good results with that but yeah for Google discover forget about it. What kind of content formats work best in discover like news explainers, opinion, lists, first-person stories, every Oh. Oh, and also, how often do you see uh articles that worked well in Google discover also influencing AI AI overviews, chatbt? I don't know if that's something that you've looked at. >> Uh not in detail, but it's the same thing. If you have traffic, uh you have a signal, a strong signal. So it's better to appear on I I overview but for you the rest of the question. Um so can you just repeat it? >> Yeah. Yeah. What kind of content formats work best in discover? >> Exactly. So you have the news for sure but it's not the best idea. Why? Because the news you will made the same same news like each media will will have the same story to tell. So you still can twist the angle. It's really important to think about the angle of your news. Um so it's um a massive number of article on Google discover are news related or news related. A thing that I prefer on Google discover it's what I call the evergreen. So you take an evergreen content but uh anytime you publish it it's it's still good and you can twist it with some um like thing in the news. Let's put an example to be uh clear about that. For example, an article uh said uh why Greenland it's so rich in term of uh like a precious um how can I say that the the rare >> resources rare elements >> exactly >> rare earth elements is that what it is something like that >> so so this article you can put it in December in January that doesn't matter but because Greenland at some point was hot in term of you know what I mean the >> yeah you're talking about news you're talking about newsjacking taking trending topics in the news and then making it relevant to your niche. >> Exactly. Exactly. So, evergreen content and you you newsjacking it. Yeah. >> You're taking evergreen subject matter. I do this all the time with uh social video. I actually have a list. What I do is I go and look at high-erforming uh channels in my niche and I have like two I have several columns but the the first two columns is the hook because everyone knows the hook is really important and it's and it's similar to Google discover. It's like the title. So, so the the hook and then uh the subject matter and you will find that there are some subject matter that always does well and so you take the subject matter that always does well and you make it relevant to some something that's newsworthy that's trending right now. >> Exactly. And to your audience. So you you twist it with the personal like we talked about earlier. So if you have an audience uh a young audience try to put some you know young word like people that are young used in your country. So really important to to think about that to yeah avenues for them especially for them. >> How often are you doing a different page title than H1 or do you always have your H1 and page title the same? >> Uh oh yeah okay in in term of structure. I didn't answer your question. So you have the H1 same as title. Don't you don't need to twist it or stuff like that. You can but it doesn't matter. Uh so title really important. You put it in the open graph title or in the title meta tag. uh after you can have a small uh oh I don't have the name in English you know the small intro the uh a small paragraph >> the the metad description or is it the metad description or the caption >> description no it's it's in the article in the front office not in the back office or stuff uh you know the an introduction let's let's keep it simple an introduction where you twist about the the hook a bit like in a video like you >> this is the actual introduction on the page >> exactly yeah >> yeah okay Yeah, in French there is a specific word about that but maybe not in in English. Uh after you have a really simple article and don't put the answer at the beginning for the watch time. It's it's like there is so many uh same approach with social media. You need to storyt tell a little bit. Uh so short article two or three H2 and that's it. You don't need like H4 H3 etc etc. You can put bullet points, you can put some rum like for a summarizer for example, what's to you know the bottom line or stuff like that. Uh but again it needs to be easy to read piece of content. >> So that's that is super interesting. So you you're saying don't give the answer right away and it and you know what the opposite is true in SEO because in SEO people are literally searching for something and you want to satisfy search intent immediately with SEO whereas you were saying with Google discover people are just looking to be entertained and and so you're writing to entertain them. >> Exactly. It's exactly that. So you need to yeah story tell a little bit the thing. Don't put too much suspense for sure. You need to the the the people who read your article need to be satisfied by it. If you have a clickbait title and you just like said nonsense and at the end it's disappointing, it's not good. Okay. So, you need to entertain like you said. It's it's really good thing to have in mind. Uh and be at the end like have some dopamine. You know what I mean? It's really >> leave them feeling good. Leave them feeling good. You want to have a good ending. >> Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And this one, this way he can like click on the follow button next time he will saw it on the on the Google discover feed. So it's a strong signal. So it's really important to don't disappoint your audience. >> You know what I see doing really well in Google discover? I see X posts all the time. I see posts from X discover very often. >> Yeah, it's um to me Google don't have any interest to send traffic to competitor. I mean X is not a competitor to Google but a little bit uh because he sent to Fred so it's a meta behind it. So it's it was weird to me at the first time I was why Google send traffic to them. Uh to me it's for two reason user because user want to have some like a mix and not only article but also YouTube video um Instagram soon there was I think there will be Instagram or this kind of post also they tried the web story you know the video format uh in the US with web story uh it was a disaster because too many spam but they try something like that. Okay. So um uh yeah and why Google use it? I think it's because uh it's it's help us to understand the trend. They help us to understand because the X algorithm is really good about the trending thing. So to me it's like kind of reverse engineering uh for Google to see how people interact with news with small accounts with big accounts etc. So it's really a thing like that and to satisfy the user again dopamine. Do you know anybody who is specifically focused on Google discover with exposts? >> It's a bit recent I think. So I know a guy a French one uh tried a lot of stuff with that. Uh and also you know you can appear on the top stories uh in the search page results. You can have an ex account in the like near the the big news uh of the of the country. So there is test to do with that. To be honest, the only difficulty is the monetization part or you earn money from that. It's >> Yeah, you have to you have Well, you have to you have to have viral posts that also sell your own product. That's the way that that's the way that you would do it. >> Exactly. And how do you track that because you don't have a search console for an ex account. So, it's a bit >> it would be hard it would be hard to track, but if you're getting that many impressions, you will be able to notice spikes. >> Yeah. Yeah. For sure. For sure. So maybe uh I I I don't know if people didn't notice, but maybe we have massive traffic from Google discover also in X. It's possible. >> Yeah, that'd be cool. Uh can you can you break down your your one emotion, one promise headline formula and and share some examples? >> Yeah, exactly. So uh the title, forget the the keyword, you need to stop a scroll. Uh so basically you need to think it as a a nook a hook for social media. It's a bit like that. So speak to your user to your audience. Uh don't say for example um at what temperature a cat uh is cold. At what temperature your cat is cold or feeling cold? Maybe my sentence is not correct but you you get >> I understand. Yeah. >> Okay. Uh so important you talk to someone. Uh and after you need to like I said see if your audience is is it old is it a woman is it more a man is it more interested by this topic this topic etc etc and you can put word that work better for the the brain of your audience so for example I know I don't have the the translation of it but for people in the the football area the soccer uh there is some word in French that always if you put it on the title it's a bit like a keyword but for the brain it's It's like um people like it and they they click on it because it's in their vocabulary. Okay. So, you need to think about the brain of your audience, not about the algorithm. Google don't watch your your like keyword and title. Uh so, yeah, basically you made a promise. What is the benefit if I click? Because uh otherwise, if you just said something flat like an answer in the title, I don't need to click. So, it's important to have some suspense. Don't put too much on that because if it's disappointing at the end, not good. So always keep your promise. Uh after that you can also use uh some ingredient for example the quotes. It work really well like I earn uh I don't know like a better salary than my medicine and I don't have any diploma. So if you put quotes someone said that you can use the I so it's powerful as well. Uh so there is like ingredient like that that are really powerful in a title for a promise. Uh but always um like yeah uh deliver what you promise really important. >> Have you seen uh Google's focus on non-commodity content? I don't know if you if you heard them talking talking about it. I'm I'm going to pull up there was a slide at uh Google this Google search central live Toronto event. This was uh a couple of months ago and Google said they're starting to focus on non-commodity content and so they give examples of commodity versus non-commodity content. So commodity content is top 10 things to consider when buying running shoes. Non-commodity content is why this customer's shoes collapsed after 400 miles. A wear pattern analysis or like uh with real estate. Commodity would be seven tips for firsttime home buyers. non-commodity would be why we waved the inspection and saved $15,000. I'll look inside the sewer line. That kind of sounds similar to what you're talking about. >> Yeah, exactly. Uh so it's it's seems to be similar to listical artic like top 10 films to watch. >> Well, Google was say Google was saying don't do commodity content like Google was saying we're moving towards non-commodity content and so commodity content >> was listicles like you were describing. M okay >> and yeah do listicles are listicles doing well in Google discover or no >> not much to be honest because to me it's it's remember Facebook in the you know 2005 like >> I remember I remember there was a there was a period where every pop culture blog every like style blog was doing listicles >> yeah but I mean there is trend there is trend because sometimes a formula work well during one month and after it like too many people use it so it doesn't work anymore so I think it's maybe because Google said that because they clearly see that it doesn't work u anymore. So to discourage people to do that because it's there is too many people doing that. A lot of people who try Google discover would do that because they saw that and it's easy to do etc. So I think it maybe because of that. So no I don't do that much of this kind of article to be honest. >> Are you are you familiar with uh with Ryan Holiday? >> Um not sure. uh he's this he's this really good author. He wrote this book called Trust Me I'm Lying and which is like how to manipulate. Yeah. And then he and he and he wrote this book Conspiracy um about Gawker and the and like the the downfall of Gawker >> and uh yeah the the Gawker times were a very interesting time in the media landscape. I don't know how well you remember them. >> Uh I'm not sure. Can you be a bit more specific? I'm not sure I understood correctly. Like Gawker was this pop culture blog and they it got taken down because Peter Teal Peter Teal Oh no. I think Peter Teal funded Hulk Hogan to sue them and and and Yeah. And and and they would they would write anything. They would write a lot of smear pieces and they were really good at clickbait titles. >> Oh yeah. Yeah. I know. >> Yeah. Yeah. And so but they wrote a lot of smear pieces and Peter Teal. So, basically, uh, Gawker, I think I I could get I could be like somewhat off on this, but I think what it was was Gawker outed Peter Teal is gay, and Peter Teal just didn't want to be outed, especially by like he want if if he was going to be outed, he wanted to do it himself. >> Um, and so Gawker outed him. And then they did something Gawker did something to Hulk Hogan. I forget exactly what it was, but Peter Teal was like, "This is an avenue to take Gawker down and to take like the rest of these smear niche blogs down." And so, uh, Peter Teal funded a lawsuit, funded Hulk, secretly funded Hulk Hogan's lawsuit towards Gawker and and killed Gawker. And so, it was like something like that. The book, the book is about that. I read it a couple years ago. It's really actually I read it. I remember the year that I read it. I read it in 2019. Really, really great book and um super interesting times in in media for people who remember that. But >> yeah, I think it's specific to the US. This is why I don't know this. >> Yeah. Yeah, it could be. >> The name ring above for sure. >> Yeah. But so, okay. So, what's what's the line between a magnetic discover headline and clickbait? >> Okay. Simple. If you um like promise something that your content doesn't deliver, it's basically you you waste people time. So that's not good. So let's say you said, "Okay, these uh these plants are uh the the like way better than than um lemon lemon grass. I don't know the name of it. You know, the famous plants for mosquitoes." >> Oh. Oh, no. I don't know the plant that you're talking about. >> Okay. Let's say way better than this one. and in your article you don't have any sources or the sources said that it's not it's partially true but not exactly or this kind of thing. So basically if yeah if you lie if you lie if you don't deliver and you just take your reader for the fool it's it's not good. So you need to to um like if yourself click and read the article it's good. >> What are the consequences? Are there consequences to doing like let's say you just go hard with clickbait headlines like is Google is Google going to know? >> Yeah, at some point because your watch time will be catastrophic. You like uh click on on the follow button will be cat catastrophic as well. Uh you sit here in the time decrease because people see your website see your your logo and just said oh no I ate this media so you just pass you know you you you don't stop your score anymore. So it take time. So this is why some people some spammer have this strategy. Uh so you just put really really clickbait content and after one week or two weeks the website is is dead but you just start a new one. Okay. So it was a strategy for for a while. Uh >> but does it still work? Does that still work? So you're >> so so there was a time where you could literally spin up a new blog and in a week start getting amazing discover traffic >> to to me it was always a bit crazy because with small websites like with a website that I I bought for some couples of hundred of dollars uh I made more traffic than some media. >> Oh so people are buying people are buying actually like aged websites >> established website. >> Yeah not necessarily expired domain. It's a different thing and I won't talk about that but just a real one that you saw there is potential about Google discover. They don't know a thing about Google discover and you said okay I I bought it because I know I can do way better in term of traffic if I have a proper Google discover strategy. And at some point it was ridiculous because like I said with a small website you can do the amount of traffic of a massive uh newsroom with journalists and stuff like that. So I always uh know it it won't last because it it was way too much. I think Google do does that because they want to put some you know fresh creators fresh uh it's like the the YouTube channel or it's like the Instagram account and stuff you sometime needs to see some uh you know small um influencer it's really important for the diversity of sources uh for the fresh angle sometime they they they bring to so this is why but no Google I think uh won't repeat this mistake and they said okay it was way too powerful. So now they just cut a little bit. This is why with a small website, if you don't think about the brand, if you don't think about social media traffic and stuff like that, it's almost impossible. >> It makes sense, too, because actual brands are more likely to play the long game and not take spammy shortcuts. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. So it's it's less risky for Google. You know, he put his trust in your end. if if you put your spammy website in a Google discover at some point it was really a mess in a lot of country uh and yeah Google just said okay we need to be a little bit harder with that um but it was crazy like you can do at some point I was at uh 100 million traffic a month on a website with like 100 uh domain um referring domain you know small >> yeah yeah that's crazy you're getting a 100 million a month. >> A month. A month. >> Yeah, that's crazy. >> Crazy. I I have some screenshot if I anonymize them so I can share you maybe at the end of the video or or whenever you want. But yeah, crazy. >> Yeah. Um, how important is the image compared with the headline? >> Yeah. So, you need to tell a story. The image basically uh it's big bigger than the the title. So you need to have like an emotional thing also like um it really depend of the content that you put in but a human face work well because our brain is adapt to be triggered by uh the gaze of someone or the end like this or this kind of thing. So if you manipulate them uh wisely it could be really powerful. Don't put a face in every piece of content but for sure but you need to tell a story basically uh and not the same one as a title. Think like a YouTube thumbnail. The title is never the same promise as as the the thumbnail. So you need to be complimentary between the two. Something that work well also it's blurry image >> really >> counterintuitive but an image that I take with my old smartphone for example sometimes the curiosity is way more powerful than a really clean you know image bank image. It depend of the topic of course but it worked really well. So >> Oh that's super I I uh I made back I I used to do this actually. So, everyone had like really great cameras to make uh to make social videos on and I was using an iPhone 8 >> and the videos would pop, man. And the it looked like it was shot on a potato >> and I I I wonder I wonder like should I revisit I still have my iPhone 8 if it has like no battery but like I kind of want to try I kind of want to try that. That's that's very fascinating >> because it seem authentic. You want to see authentic. >> Yeah. >> And we know with the stuff it's way worse because everything is polished. Everything is >> Yeah, that's true. That's true. >> Your difference if if you are a bit different than the other, it's way better. So, and it's typically the thing that I um I try to explain with the media outlet that I work with. >> Oh my god, dude. I'm going to I'm going to try this. This is crazy. that to to deliberately shoot worse quality >> which cheaper like I honestly I'm considering just going and buying like a $100 phone or something to try this because my my iPhone 8 has like no battery and is like a >> an easier way to do it is for example let's say you talked about um an animal what was caught on a on a camera and it's hilarious for example like by a hunter or whatever u with a nature website for example Um just find a video a YouTube video about that and just take a screen but a locality one you know don't put your full screen just you know screenshots >> and because it's a real action you know there is some blur of the movements there is some you try to guess thing don't put it everywhere that's for sure like find the the relevant title the relevant story that you want to to explain with the image but it work really well um because I think of the again it's it's a brain there is cur more curitative there when you see a bank image an image for a bank um photo shoot like it seem artificial so you don't really want to click on it it depend of the topic but yeah >> yeah yeah that's great because I was going to ask what should publishers do if they don't have like custom photography or design resources and it sounds like they don't really need to overthink it they just need to actually have something appealing >> yeah exactly and we we provide the images because we have all the resource for that So we provide the the we help with the content. We work with journalists as well. Uh and we produce the images. We put the title the good one the the the the best time to publish it etc. So we do a toz um publication process with all method. So we they don't have to think about it. We just propose images. They validate them and we we provide the image basically. But sometimes they said oh this image is too blurry. I can't put it on my website because blah blah blah. I have some quality guideline etc. Yeah, but your audience will like it. So sometimes yeah you you need to think um about your audience more than your brands. >> Yeah that's awesome. Um we were talking about so so small p going back to like small publishers is there you post every day um like is it just post every day to get the initial audience traction to start getting mentioned in Google discover and it's that simple >> if you if you start from from scratch you definitely need some uh traction some some SEO so if you have an old blog it's a better example than I will start a website from scratch And to be honest, Google discover I always surprised why not like in SEO people want to have a recipe they have there is thousand of people explain how to do SEO no one about Google discover uh and it's why it's always surprised me like why you try to understand SEO and not Google discover and I think ju just to to put it in perspective it's it's difficult so if you are beginner in term of SEO if you are beginner in publish publishing in website edition and stuff, you won't start with that to be honest. So, it's it's not for beginner. But if you have already a website, an old one with some audience, that's definitely a better starting point. So, your example was was was a good one. So, if you don't have social media, for example, let's try one with some clicks on it. For example, uh Facebook is good because Tik Tok is good for the audience, but it's not good for deliver click. So you need to think what can I say to Google hell my hey hey my website attracts an audience and not only a Google audience so it's really important and also even if you don't get traction on Google discover you maybe discover that Facebook is good for your traffic so you won't lose anything and after like I do Facebook pages as well um it's there is so many similarity to be honest so people who are good at at Facebook uh for example monetization and uh you know drive big traffic through Facebook have the brain for Google discover already. So just need a website. >> So does does like email or DMs or push notifications or homepage traffic help an article get picked up by discover? >> Exactly. A traffic mix. You need you need an a signal. You need a signal that for sure. So if you just publish and there is no audience on your website, whatever the the the method of your audience acquisition, Google don't care. It's not an interesting website because no one visited. So yeah, really important. >> That's super important because it kind of it it talks also about just how much Google can see because like people I think people underestimate the amount of data that Google this is like going back to just SEO. People underestimate just how much Google knows. >> Exactly. >> And so it's like you're trying to you're trying to trick Google and you are not considering that Google is seeing all of this stuff. It's seeing your referral traffic from all of these places. It's seeing what it's it knows what authentic patterns look like and inauthentic patterns look like. >> Exactly. This is why you need you need to build an audience at some point. It could be a WhatsApp group. It could be a Telegram. It could be a newsletter. It could be push notification. It could be social media. Like you said, Google build like Chrome, Android not for nothing to have your data and with this data he understand your interest. He guess your interest and this is why Google discover is relevant because he guess what you want to read before you already search it. So it's exactly that and you can't really um like fool Google. I mean you can for a short period of time. This is why spammer exist existed. Uh but no it's really harder. Uh so yeah, at some point you need just to to think how can I attract a regular a massive not massive but a a decent amount of audience on my website to attract Google discover after it and after the massive will be really really massive when you do that. >> So now we're talking to a bigger blog and you argue that volume can hurt. How does publishing too much dilute discover performance? >> Yeah, exactly. So really important because if you publish a lot, you take the risk to just miss your audience, miss your target. And this is why it's um often a bad idea because if you publish one article a day, you have the time to really think about your angle, your title, your images, your CTR. In the search console, you can see the the the CTR. It's really important metric, a KPI. um you can really um try to be at 10. It's it's a good score to to have some 10% of CTR in Google it's good. If you have like 1% 2% it mean you just um like miss the targets. So basically if you do 100 article a day you will have a ton of article with 1% CTR and Google will said okay each time I put your article in my feed you take a parking place a parking placement kind of uh and you just miss the click so I waste an opportunity to get more uh engagement on my app so it's disappointing for the audience it's disappointing for the reader. How about so how about with how about with like a blog that has several different writers and then they have the time so one one writer maybe is just doing an article a day is that where would it be okay in that case? >> Yeah it can what I mean it's if you increase the number you typically uh take less care of the capi and so it's it's it's similar >> you're saying you're saying you're saying if if for people who who publish too much you you tend to see quality decrease. >> Exact Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, but if you have if you have several writers and the writer is just doing one a day that could be okay. >> Yeah, that could be okay. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. You can publish a lot. If you are a big media with a lot of journalists, sometime they publish 100 article a day and it work it work well. But there is there is a butt because if you take a core updates in your face. So you lose let's say 50% of your traffic you need to uh publish less and so if you hire a lot of journalists uh to publish this rhythm like 100 piece of content a day uh how how do you adapt? So this is why I always prefer to aim better with less content. It work really really well when Google like your website and when you take a core update, it's still maintainable. You you can still do it and you don't have to like cut half of your writer. You don't have to, you know what I mean? Like >> what what have you seen from recent core updates, >> things that are getting prioritized or getting depprioritized? So to me the the t the the the name core updates it's not really uh appropriate because the algorithm don't don't change doesn't change that much the core of the algorithm is still the same to me for Google discover at least um the core updates make what I call the a turnover like there is not many place on Google discover feed there is maybe in the same time 200 website 200 different websites So sometimes they just said okay this website was under the spotlight. No people needs to see a new name. It's the same thing in Instagram. For example, sometime you follow a creator uh you like the content, you interact with it and after a while you don't see >> you get bored anywhere. >> Yeah, >> that's true. >> Because you get bored. So it's it's always the dopamine process. So this is why people see huge increase or decrease during time to u uh give you a perspective. I talk with a big media uh not in France they made at some point like 60 million click a day on Google discover massive media not not a small one at all. After the core updates 1 million a day >> wow >> it's like a real media reality behind it. Okay. >> How many writers how many writers did they have? Sorry. Um more than 100 something like that. So yeah, massive uh massive how how and they were they must have been they they were monetizing I guess with AdSense and with affiliate were they monetizing in any other ways? Did they have their own products? >> They had their own network at this point because when you are big media you have adics for sure like with AdSense but it's not the same technology and you have also some uh you know the uh a pay wall like people can uh get rid of the ads and etc. So hopefully they have that. That's a good point. But don't have only Google discover traffic. But you can't have this amount of traffic with SEO. You can't have this with Tik Tok, Instagram or whatever. This is why I said Google discover is the the biggest uh traffic level by far. Like you can do that. >> Well, the difference the difference with SEO is you can have way more qualified traffic. You can target you can target the types of people and >> yeah because you choose a keyword. So you can kind of guess what intention is behind it. We will discover it's a bit harder. It's it's not impossible though. Like I have some clients that only do leads. So they they want to qualify the traffic and it work like you can have so you you aim less audience but more targeted targeted. So a new title you put some uh stuff to if the people is not interested by the offer behind it they won't click. You don't chase million you chase less. But still, if you have 1,000 uh click a day, 100,000 click a day with a lead form, that's a massive >> that's substantial. Very substantial. >> Yeah, that makes that makes a lot of sense. It's similar. It's similar to how pick you pick a niche on Instagram and then you and you monetize with it >> kind of. Yeah, exactly. >> Yeah. Uh is that was that your sniper approach or is your sniper approach something different? >> Yeah. Now the sniper approach is really that it's to publish less like let's put an example I worked with some media they publish let's say 50 article a day okay for Google news for SEO for whatever the lever and they said oh Google discover I think it's it's luck like we can't really know sometime it's it's it's blow up sometimes it's not good but it's really strange to me like some people for 10 years in the media industry. I just said, "Oh, to us it was only luck. We can't really have control on it. We just put one or two article a day, an extra one or two article a day. We don't change anything about what they currently do and we made we double the traffic with only two article a day because we know with this audience if we put this title this publication time this exact angle we can repeat it and we can just do steady traffic even if Google discover is volatile you can have Google traffic every day that's for sure with a proper strategy. Yeah, I'm going to ask about about days of publish in a second. So, we're talking about metrics and you mentioned CTR, average engagement time. So, yeah, what metrics matter most? So, so we have CTR, we have average engagement time, we have returning users, recirculation, shares, there's so many different things. >> Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I think you you summarize it like there are the to have. So sit here the most important one because it's um it's an you can see if you talk to a good audience or better you can see if Google uh spread your article to a good audience. So sometimes if you said my website website is about uh I don't know like air purif purificator and I I put an article about the the home cleaning your CTR is 1% it could be your title your images or the the topic itself if you repeat it like a couple of time and it's always 1% CTR it mean Google don't push the content to this audience this interest so you need to try another one in your Google analytics so really important this is ICTR it's it's a good um a really good KPI um the the watch time but the watch time uh relatively to the content length so you don't aim like two minutes or 3 minutes because sometime 1 minute could be a good one so more important the pogo sticking uh like if people come to your article and instantly go back because >> they're not hooked they're not hooked at the beginning >> too many ads bad storytelling uh this kind of thing so it could hurt your websites. Um, and yeah, the share is really important as well, but it's hard to track. Like the the share on Google discover and the share on for example WhatsApp or stuff like that. People just sharing article with their friend. It's a really massive signal. It's same for Facebook or you you you know it I think so it's a it's a really strong signal as well. not hard to uh measure. So to be honest the I just concentrate on the audience and the CTR it's already good if you if you track this and the >> important sorry I forgot one the uh the the rate of uh entry on Google discover I call it the win rate the win rate so for example if you publish 10 article a day how many have Google discover traffic is it 100% is it 80% is it 50% a good number to chase is 80% % minimum. If you have 50% it means there is not enough signal. There is a miss somewhere technical issue. The angle are not good uh or the yeah the the the Google don't push your article. So there is an issue there. >> How how often do you see uh blogs or publishers that are very stable with Google discover as in they they are not getting hit by algorithm updates. they are just they are either increasing month over month or year over year or or they're just they're just getting a ton of Google discover traffic and they're staying that way and and and what do those what are those publishers doing right that other publishers can learn from? >> Yeah. Uh so that's a good question. Normally in Google discover like I said there is wave like it's volatile by AdSense you can made like 2 million traffic a day and the day after only like half of a million. That's normal. That's normal because one article get viral and other one a little bit less but still if you have a proper strategy you don't have run and spike you don't have day without and day with and day without and day with um so you have kind of steady traffic uh you can say okay each month each month I do 20 million 30 million medium okay uh but after is there is like I said a turnover so when there is a core update you can lost like half of your Google discover traffic. So you do you you did uh let's say 10 million maybe you get you got eat by a cor date you do half of it. So it's better to take the whole year in in consideration uh because after next core update you can go to the first point where you are. So basically it's a 6 month uh like rotation uh when a when a website is in in the top on Google discover it's the length is 6 months to one year without any pertubation but at some point every website like I said with my example with the the big big media even a media like that have some wave like that so the goal is to know it's normal like it's part of the algorithm itself so don't expect to never have this kind of uh thing on Google discover but still even if you have this in consideration you have Google discover every time like you don't you don't go to zero you never go to zero and people the media who I work with uh for 5 years now they are always on Google discover there is no zero day so even if sometimes it's hard you are in the desert in the middle of the desert you you can earn back the algorithm and if you take the whole year, it's still the biggest uh traffic sources by far. >> Yeah. But I imagine that publishers who who are stable are paying attention to things like trends, trends in content, trends in headlines, trends in in images, um trends in subject matter. This is what people are talking about now versus what they were talking about before. And and you're actually like staying up to date with what people care about. Yeah, it's really important because the trend can change like the user can be interested by something and after a while it won't work. So don't you need to follow your audience again if if you know what your audience are interested by. Uh you can choose topics wisely. So sometimes the the you can have a decrease on your Google discover traffic. It's not about Google, it's about you, but you don't understand your audience anymore. For example, let's take the gardening um audience. >> Yeah. >> So if you put some article uh in the good timing for the you know the plantation of the thing the the the how to grow this particular plants etc. Uh if you continue with that during uh fall for example it it won't work. So it's it's a simple example to see you need to understand what your audience uh are looking for in this specific time. Uh so sometimes you need to change your um your routine to understand your audience and what they want. >> You think >> I answer your question. >> Do you No, that was I I Yeah, that answer my question. Um but actually this is an interesting question. Do you think um so like SEO is easier if you're not doing it in English? SEO is like so much easier if you're not in English. Do you think Google discover is easier in in other languages? >> Yeah. So there is uh different uh like competition markets and to be honest it's uh there is a twist. The US is one of the simplest to me >> because >> Yeah. >> that is a twist. >> Yeah. Because France it's one of the harder market for Google discover like I said I don't know exactly why I think it's because uh of the black hat spirits. So there is a lot of expert >> black hat spirit. Yeah, I way because to me it's one of the explanation because there is a lot of experts in Google discover. I don't really see a lot of people. There is for sure and I don't know everyone in the SEO sphere in every country but there is a lot in SEO discover experts in um in France and I always saw some massive websites from pop from nowhere in the US in Italy in Norway etc. there was like always a French guy behind it. So I don't know why but it's it's like it's a fact kind of. So France it's really hard and it doesn't pay as much as other country in Europe. So to be honest Italy is one of the easiest one. I don't know why but it's easy. Spain it's not that easy because you target Latam Latin America. So Google is a little bit careful with that. Um, one of the best market to me is the US because the population is massive. Uh, the RPM is massive. Uh, so the traffic and the earning are massive. And strangely, like I said in my twist, I have so many call with media outlets and they don't really take the like they don't see that Google discover can do 10 time your their traffic. So, it's really weird to me. I don't know really why. Maybe I have an explanation. Maybe it's because SEO pay enough for media in the US to don't have to chase a new one. And because in France the RPM is really really low. If you just um monetize with display ads and you don't only have SEO, you die. So you have to move on. You have to find a new way to earn traffic. And maybe it's another explanation for why some countries um think Google discover is really the thing to to do. >> Maybe they think it's too random like you were saying. I think that's also another another thing. >> Yeah. Even in France, I just had a call with a a French group Media uh a big one and they said to like they show me their search console and I was I show them mine like the number I I did and they always there was like oh to me it was random. Like I said they work in the media industry for 20 years and they always um think it was yeah something they can't control and I I it's really strange to me but that's a fact. So even >> yeah something they can't control that's I think a lot of people think that that's what it is and so in order to control it basically like is publish at publish multiple times a day like if you're even if if you're small like once a day if you're big 10 time let's say what like 10 times a day. >> Yep. >> And and then but like really deliberately think about who your audience is and >> making hooks and images for them. >> Yep. >> Yeah. uh how fast does discover usually test an article after publishing? >> Yeah, so it's really important uh it depend the where you are start from. So if you already on Google discover it can take 1 hour. So sometimes we work with a website they for example they they did like 10,000 clicks a day in Google discover. So that's good but not uh that much. We start we publish one article a day. the day after we made like more than two 200,000 clicks in one article and they said okay we didn't know we can do that so it's really it's not like SEO it's instant if your article is not good in >> yeah yeah exactly it's maximum 3 days sometimes with Google update and stuff there is some bug with that so your article from three days can appear on Google discover but mainly it's uh in we talked about hour or day. >> Yeah. So are there are there best days or hours to publish? >> Yeah. It depend of your audience again. So for example, if your audience uh is interested by I don't know movie for example, uh publish the in the evening because people don't really watch movie during the like work hour. So it's this kind of thing. So publish where your audience are and when your audience consume the content. And you said um and you said that a discover hit will last for like what how many days did you say it was? >> Yeah, it's typically three days. >> Three days. Okay. >> Sometimes a bit more like it could be one week but it's typically 3 days. >> How do you distinguish a normal discover fluctuation from a site level problem? H so again it's take you average like if for example I always speak in term of live traffic because I spend too many time in with my phone checking the live traffic you know the how many people are currently in the website so for example let's said you your range is between uh I don't know 10 10,000 and um 50,000 live traffic it fluctuate between that if at some point you have only 100 like 100 of click of of live traffic. Hm. That's weird. It never go that low. So I start to investigate when I see this kind of fluctuation. >> And when when you do investig when you investigate like that, what are some of the things that you look at? >> Yeah. So technical thing is there I don't know like an ads issue is there a loading issue? This kind of thing is the first thing I do. Is there an indexation? indexation issue. Uh so technical thing. Uh or maybe is there an image on an article? Is there a bug where the image doesn't load for any reason? This kind of thing. Um is there some um like um new competitor in this exact audience segment? And is there a core update? That's for sure. You if there is a core update, you can typically expect this kind of thing to happen. My last question is what should everybody go this week and do right now to get more traffic from Google discover? >> H so I think you really need to uh understand that Google discover is not anymore for everyone. So if you are a small website a beginner in SEO um don't chase something too big because it's it won't get preserved. I prefer to be really honest about that. But if you have a website established on a niche, you have traffic like steady traffic, let's say at least 1,00 1,000 a month minimum, you have Google Analytics, you can start do what I explained in the beginning. Check your audience. If you don't have social media, create one. Try to transpose your discover article to a Facebook strategy and try to to do like a like I said to think audience good title good images to have some traffic coming before Google in this piece of content and normally you will have the Google discover tab and after chase for the CTR >> potential is huge and people are overlooking it and hopefully this episode fixes that. >> So, thank you. Thank you again for the invitation. I hope it was clear and sorry my English is a bit rusty. >> It was perfect. >> Yeah, it was it was perfect. Where should everybody where should everybody find you? >> Uh on Twitter. I talked a lot on Twitter and I put a lot of examples. So if you want to do it to to see what it um I even share some revenue example um even if in France money >> can you are can you share any revenue examples right now just off the top of your head? >> Yeah. Yeah. Uh I have some uh I have some screen screenshot I can share to you. I can share my screen maybe >> you can share your screen. >> All right. So some example I think it's it's good to have some example to see. Okay. So here for example is is it clear enough? >> Yeah. Yeah. This is great. >> A media typically a media a real brand okay in the Netherland that didn't know anything about Google discover we explain thing we said okay let's try we we start at this point something like that and so it was traffic that they never >> so for for people who are listening we are looking at 20 this is over the course of 12 months we are looking at 28.8 8 million clicks and 216 million impressions over 12 months. Average CTR of 13.3%. >> Exactly. And you can see it's volatile that's for sure but still you have between you you don't have a zero a day zero like I said you always eat Google discover and you have some uh like it's Netherlands so it's only 20 million inhabitants US it's >> Oh my god. Wow. This is so this is this is only in the Netherlands. >> Yeah. Yeah, it's in the Netherland only. >> Oh my gosh. >> So, another one here. Oh no, Google just Okay, this one was already established. That's a big website in France and we just start here. So, we do we just did a multiply by two the revenue and the traffic with half a million a day with a website thematic website. >> And this is a lot less volatile. This is pretty much just consistently up. >> Yeah, because the range is a little bit less to be honest. If you put the the big one, the big screen like I show it, it's always like that big spike. >> It's no. >> Okay. Uh so what I can see? Oh, it's interesting. This one is the the recovery. So this website first take off here. It was really good. Then >> the desert not waiting working. Yes. So So what are you doing? When are you what are you doing when you're like, "Oh my god, I'm not getting any discover traffic." >> I I explain everything there. So you can look at this thread and I typically share this kind of content. So if you are interested by you can really have just to put it in a nutshell. Um you have to publish less because your return on investment will be not that good. So this is why if you publish 100 a day what do you do? You you fire everyone. So it's better to publish a bit less to doesn't like yeah hire too many people too many writer. Um so publish less and aim better to the best CTR. um keep your best angle and just throw the rest to the dust bin. If it doesn't match, you you kill it. You kill your topic. Uh and basically after not the next cur update, this one we hope for a recovery, not that good. This one big bump >> and you said you were going to talk about revenue. >> Yeah. I have this I keep the best for the >> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. >> You're tell you're you're telling the story. You're sharing the story. >> I try. I try to. Okay. a small teaser. >> Nice. >> One day it's this screenshot that I show earlier. So it's like uh yeah uh I'm really bad with number in English. >> So estimated estimated earnings is 13,900 >> per day. >> Per day. Per day. Yeah. And and page RP RPM is 16.21. >> Exactly. So >> that was Wednesday, May 27th of this year. Sorry, >> that was Wednesday, May 27th of this year. >> Yeah, exactly. Of this year. Yeah. Yeah, it's screenshot. It's exactly here. So, you can see the the date. >> So, it was a little bit less than 1 million click a day >> and and and and the the monetization strategy. Can you say that again? >> Yeah. So, it's this display AdSense only AdSense there. Um with some website, we put AdSense and over like for example a video um video format you can put a tabula feed or this kind of thing. Don't put too much ads though because if you do that it's not good for the UX experience. So yeah, just take care of the the experience of the the user behind it. Oh, and okay. So and the best one for the end. Okay, it was in one day. >> Yeah. So So you So for people listening, you're sharing 52,000 in a single day from Google Discover. >> Exactly. And this month >> and this month is €56,000. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. From Google discover >> and sometimes so you can have this kind of clicks like you see you have half a million click on search you have 46 million click on Google discover. This media didn't know a thing about Google discover before. We just multiply I don't know by how many the the traffic. So if you stick to SEO, you can get maybe 1 million, 2 million if you have a really good SEO team. We just arrived with Romeo and we just blow it in terms of >> this is a three month three month period. >> It was in it was an old an old one but it's a good good example because you can see there is SEO like you we explained at the beginning of the video. Uh but yeah, Google discover like you forgot about SEO when you have this kind of clicks. So yeah. I love it. This is so awesome. >> Yeah, really important. Even this kind of website, you will have dessert uh zone. So, really important to keep in mind. >> Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much again. >> No, Roy, I hope you again. >> This was a great episode. This was Yeah, this was so much fun. Um, all right. This is episode 1,08 of the podcast. 1,088 days in a row doing this show. Thank you again to GM for joining. GM, I hope you will be back on to share some more case studies or cool things that you're seeing. Like even if it's just like you want to come on and share your screen and do a 15-minute breakdown, like those episodes are so powerful. People love those. So yeah, thank you again. Episode 188. If you watch this on YouTube, thank you so much for watching. If you listened on Spotify or Apple Podcasts, thank you so much for listening and I will talk to you again tomorrow. Bye now.