Title: Ecommerce SEO Strategy (What Actually Works in 2026)
Date: 2026-06-23
URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=6o0mabKRmIo

We're going to build an AEO / SEO strategy for this e-commerce website. So, the first thing you want to do when you're really starting to think about how you're going to attack an e-commerce campaign is you don't want to try to go after the entire website. It's one of the biggest mistakes. I've made this mistake more times than I can count in the early days of my SEO career and I would try to basically rank everything, go after every category. And what ends up happening is you end up going like a centimeter in each direction. And really what you want to do is just pick one category that you just want to absolutely dominate. So, in this case, I've already pre-selected one, which is going to be creatine, okay? So, usually what you can do is just go to the main menu and identify a category. But in this case, we're just going to go ahead and pick one of these. So, let's go with creatine, very popular supplement, and we're going to try to focus in on just this one category. Because what you're going to realize when you do this, there's so much work to do. There's so much work to do in just one little segment, one little cluster, that it becomes nearly impossible to think about anything else. So, what you really want to think about is for this one little category, you really what we're going to do in this video is we're going to build a 90-day plan, okay? So, basically a quarter, so one entire quarter focus on just trying to dominate this one topic, all right? That's what we're trying to do. So, what's the first step? So, the step in the process is to pick the category, which we've done already, so we're good to go. So, the next step in the process is to run a technical audit. So, what that means is we're going to crawl the website and we're going to ultimately look at this website just through the lens of that one category, okay? We're not going to try to focus on anything else, we're just going to focus on that one category. So, normally when you run a technical audit, what you would have is you'd see scroll over here and you would have access to Google Search Console, which would give you all this data. Then you would have access to Google Analytics and you would even have access to Bing Webmaster Tools. But in this case, obviously So don't have access to these tools for this particular business. So but when you do have access, this is what it would normally look like. You scroll over here and you can see all this beautiful data, right? You've got all the impressions and clicks and CTR and position. Then you've got the Bing in there, too. So now you've got two different dimensions that you can look at. And then also you've got Google Analytics 4 and of course you see all that data as well. So what that allows you to do is make quantifiable decisions. We're not just guessing. We're using the data to inform us and make the right decisions. And so this is really important when you do any audit. You don't even need to use Rankability. Just any audit that you're going to do, you need to integrate these data points. It's so critical because when you start to assign actions to these URLs, you need to be doing it based on data, not based on your gut or other things. Just follow the data and let the data guide you, okay? But along those lines, so what I'm going to do here is just because I don't have access to their data, I'm really doing this just for one pure reason, which is to measure their topic authority in specifically that creatine cluster. So I'm just going to download this CSV and we're going to go ahead and freeze up this row. And like I said, I'm not interested in everything. I'm just interested in the one specific cluster, which is creatine. So the simplest thing to do is just come right in here and just do text contains and then just do creatine. And then we'll be able to see right away in a title tag what we're working with, right? So I'm going to go ahead and just hide these so we can see it better. All right. So what I see here is it looks like we've got about, let's say, seven pages, give or take, that are built around creatine. Now this wasn't a full website crawl, so there could be more. Now this crawl revealed about seven pages or so. And typically when you see this many pages, there's a very high probability that many of these pages do not have good signals. And so this is why having the data is really important because you may find that some of these pages need to be maybe consolidated or upgraded or in some cases deleted if they're not very good, okay? But if you want to do another quick check just to see like a real a quick assessment of topic coverage, just go right into Google and this is the simplest thing to do. You don't even need any tool to do this. Just do First Form or whatever the brand is you're working on and then just put whatever that core seed is for that topic, okay, like this. And what I'll do is I'll just go ahead and look at this and see, okay, do they have a significant amount of assets built around this core topic, right? And you start to look at this and it looks like they've hit it pretty hard, right? They have pretty good topic coverage here based on what I'm seeing. So, it looks like they've covered it pretty well on their blog. And okay, so I would say let's call it like 30 assets, give or take, around creatine. What you're going to find is like that on the surface might seem like a lot, but believe it or not that's actually not that much. 30 around this topic is actually very small. When you think about the amount of assets you're going to need to build true topic authority in this one little segment, you're going to need a couple hundred assets across distributed across the blog, the website, and across their owned assets which I'll be talking about here in a second, okay? So, running that technical audit, we're good to go. And like I said, we're not doing a full SEO audit here. We're just doing it we just did that brief technical audit just to identify the cluster, okay? So, now we did is we did the quick assessment, so we got that. We're pretty much good on there. All right, so now what we're going to do is we want to focus on what's going to be our content strategy overall. Now, you know, they've got a pretty good amount of pages built around creatine, but even then we're still going to build the build the strategy from scratch because we have to be organized to be able to do this the right way. So, one thing you can do is you can come in here and build a very simple template, okay? And this is the easiest way to go about thinking about this is which is the five stages of customer awareness. So, what that means is right here, we've got basically five stages that a potential prospect might go through. And this doesn't mean they go through this in in an hour or a whole day. It could be years that takes them to go through this whole funnel, right? But now with AI, this can actually happen very quickly, right? Someone can go from completely unaware, which I'll be showing here in a second, to all the way down to the bottom of the funnel where they're actually buying something, okay? And so, this is really important. But, what you want to think about here is you want to attack topics at each stage of this funnel. Now, what I like to do is I like to do it in reverse, and I like to start with the bottom of the funnel, which is most aware. Most aware means that these topics are directly related to First Form's creatine, okay? So, what you're looking at here, these are a bunch of topics that are very specific to the stuff that they sell, okay? And all of these topics need to either be covered on the actual creatine pages themselves or splintered off into a dedicated assets, right? It just depends. Depending on the complex the complexity of the topic, sometimes a whole dedicated page is required. Other times, it might just be good in a little FAQ section. You just got to use your best judgment on that front. But, the question is how did I come up with these ideas? I didn't magically come up with these, okay? All I did is I went in here and I put in their creatine page, their collection page. And actually, if you want to go to the next level on this, I would also go in here and I would add all of their product pages in here for the specific cluster, okay? So, we're going to go ahead and add Let's go ahead and add a couple others in here. So, I'll put this one in. We'll grab this one. And what we're doing here is we're feeding the AI a lot of information and grounding, so it is working from a place of reality, not from a place of just its pure large language model base knowledge. And that's we don't want it to do that. We want it to be grounded, but we want to leverage its intelligence. That's the key. All right, so now what we have here is we have five sources all built around creatine, okay? And what we can do is I'm actually going to take the same exact one, the same prompt that I used here, and we're going to start a new conversation. And let's just go ahead and run this again, okay? And what you what it will do now is it's going to look at all five of those sources, and then it's going to formulate a strategy based on those five sources, which is exactly what we want, right? So going back to the most aware phase as I mentioned earlier, you can see here I just used a very simple prompt, right? So create Please create topic ideas for the five stages of customer awareness, and then so on and so forth. I said the whole thing. And then basically the AI went through and built out these different ideas. Now, of course, you don't just want to do these blanket and just focus on them without any human judgment, but it's a beginning place to start, right? This is the base. Some of these will be good, 20% of them will be bad. Focus on the ones that are actually worth attacking. Now, we'll go back here, and this is going to be a refinement of that original prompt that I did, because now we've got five sources. And we can see here that Okay, so this is kind of cool, because what happened here is it's showing basically the strategy, but it's also now looking at the grounding of performance. And you can see here I already ran some of their kind of core topics in our tracker, and you can see that they're not doing too well at this point, okay? And so what's going to happen is the AI is not just going to look at their strategy or look at their brand, it's also going to look at their performance and kind of kind of try and bring those two things together, because it's grounded based on the performance and the data inside of the platform, okay? So what you're going to see here is it's talking about its performance right now. So we'll go over here, and by the way, this becomes even more powerful when you have all the integrations, right? So you got Google Search Console in here integrated. What it will do is it will then go look at all the data related to creatine specifically and bring that into the intelligence and in and have more grounding in that way. Okay, so it's calling for making a creatine hub and this actually does make a lot of sense because we're going to be building out once you build out the five stages customer awareness correctly, that's going to make a lot of sense to probably build out a hub just because we're going to have cover so many topics. This is another one here talking about putting more FAQs in and then owned asset uh amplification which we'll be talking about here as well. Okay, so this is basically just to give you a nice little base to work from and like I said, this is really important and no matter what you use, you don't have to use Rankability. You could technically do this in ChatGPT projects and put a bunch of sources in there and then let it do this kind of similar assessment. You could do it in Claude, too. But it's a lot better when you've got kind of everything in one unit. So you've got the data, you've got the knowledge base, you've got the intelligence layer that that's built into this platform that's specifically built for SEO and AEO. It's a very different thing altogether. But with that in mind, we're going to go back over here and so essentially what you want to start with is building the most aware phase. Now this is literally 40 different topics. What I would normally do is I'd go into Google Search Console and I would extract more stuff. So I would filter by first form, I'd filter by first form creatine and I would find more opportunities there to fill in this part of the funnel. So start here. This is stuff where you can win so easily and this is stuff that you should be just be doing. Any brand should be doing this, okay? This is your greatest opportunity to get some quick wins with basically no effort at all because your competitors can't beat you on these. Let's go over to the tracker and basically I put in five different topics, all with different intent. Okay, these have different intents. So you can see gummies specifically that's a little bit broader and then they have gummies for women. Now they don't sell gummies as far as I know, but it's still important to show that there's not a lot of coverage in that one little area. Another one here is monohydrate powder versus monohydrate supplements. This could you could argue this is a slight variant and the AI will maybe consolidate this together and treat it the same, but just in general I do want to see if there's any slight variance on that. And then of course broadly best creatine supplements, okay? So let's go ahead and start with the ones where they actually like this is what they sell. Let's go broad here, which is best creatine supplements. So what we're looking at here is we're trying to see what is their performance for this topic across every search surface. So we go into traditional search, let's go ahead and take a look and they don't have virtually any presence with their owned domain, right? So their domain does not appear for any of this, okay? So that's already opportunity number one. Now we're going to go over here to AI answers. Do they get mentioned as one of the top products? The answer is no, okay? They're not showing up in here at all and so this tells us that we need to really improve on this, okay? And then go to the AI citations. Are they used as a core source of retrieval and do any of these sources mention them, okay? So you can actually just run this and basically what this will do is it will crawl all of the top citations and see if First Form is actually appearing in these specific pages. And it looks like they do not appear basically in any of these. This is really not good if you want to perform well for this particular topic, but if you want to show up when people search anything related to what are the best creatine supplements and every variant of that, this is where the focus has to be. You have to get visibility here. Now there's so many ways to do this. We'll talk about this in a second, but this is the first step to fixing this is identifying the opportunities in the citations tab. It is so critical. And then in video search is another opportunity here where you can start to see are we actually are we getting is our brand getting mentioned on YouTube, okay? This is another big one cuz YouTube is a one of the top sources of retrieval in AI platforms. Same thing in TikTok. Okay, we're looking at TikTok now and we can see are we getting coverage for this topic on TikTok, right? So, you want to tackle every single search surface that you can. And in this case, there's a ton of opportunity here, like tons. And this is the craziest thing about this, all right? First Form is a massive brand, okay? We'll go into first We'll just go into Google, okay? First Form TikTok. We'll see how many They've got 400,000 followers on TikTok. They've got Let's go on Instagram. I bet they got at least several hundreds of thousands. Oh, they got a million followers on Instagram, okay? A million. Let's go to their YouTube. They've got 22 or 200,000 followers on on on YouTube. And then when you combine the personal brands of the founders of these companies and all the people that they're working with, they have just an enormous brand. So, it is mind-blowing to me that with that, they're still not doing well here, which means that they haven't really gotten focused in correctly. And this shows that if you want to do well in search, it's not just about having an enormous brand and everything's going to take care of itself. That's just not true because you got to get really focused, super focused in specific categories like we're doing today, okay? So, first thing I'm going to do here is I'm going to go to here and I'm literally just going to export Okay, then once you've exported the traditional search results, next best thing is actually to go over here and export the competitors. Then go to the AI citations tab and do the same exact thing and just export these again. So, then what you want to do is go through this exact process for at least five core queries that are really important. Now, of course, this doesn't cover everything and this would take many hours to get this squared away, but at least get the five core. And this is important at the beginning of the campaign. So, basically, what you want to do is identify, let's say, five core topics, export traditional search results, export the competitors that are appearing in the AI answers, and then export the AI citations. And from there, we're going to have a nice base to work from. Because if you think about it, we've got about 53 citations here across all of these AI platforms. So, when you multiply this by five, we're going to be dealing with, let's say, 250, give or take, citations, and then also the traditional search results, which is about 30 per report. So, what we're trying to do is get a lay of the land and identify every opportunity that we can to ultimately attack these topics. Once you've got a good knowledge base in place, you can run a prompt like this. So, give me 20 variants of insert your keyword plus use case that all have unique intent. And so, you can see here, the AI went through and came up with a bunch of unique use cases and different types of intent. And this is really important for when you're trying to extract a lot of opportunities from AI. You want to hit on those different types of intent, okay? And so, what I did is I took a few of these and ran them through the tracker. So, now you can see here, we've got all these different variants, all these different types of intent where we're going to want to try to dominate for as many of these as possible in this one segment or this one category. And you can see which is honestly, it's pretty amazing that a brand of this magnitude is really not showing up basically for anything. And so, what I did is I went ahead and I exported basically [clears throat] the competitors, the AI citations, and the traditional search. And you can see here, this is the byproduct. So, basically, I do it in four different tabs. One is going to be competitors, so this this is directly who's actually being mentioned in the AI platforms when these queries are being searched, right? What is the AI recommending or putting into that answer, okay? This is traditional search, right? Just your standard traditional search looking across multiple search platforms, four to be exact. And then also the AI platforms, as you can tell. These are the citations that are used in the AI platforms. These are not the answers. These are citations. What is used in retrieval? Okay, so you need all of these things because what you want to do is you want to create what I call blend. And this blend is really helpful. So what I've done is I basically took those two reports, put them into one solid Google sheet like this, and this gives me a lay of the land of opportunities for us to go and attack across the board, across every unique intent. So I'll just show you an example of this. So when you look at this, we're looking at approximately This is just a short ex If this was a campaign we're actually running, I'd probably do at least a thousand opportunities. But that's because when you have a thousand opportunities across traditional search and AI citations, you're going to have to dedupe, right? So when you dedupe, you're going to have much less than that. An example of this, we'll go ahead and look at this. And let's go ahead and sort it by URL, okay? And we're going to find that there's going to be some URLs that are going to pop up in traditional search and AI. So this is a really good example, right? They show up in Brave and Google Organic, and also show up in Grok, okay? This doesn't mean I'm going to eliminate this row, but it's it is interesting to see, right? We want to see that. So really what I'm looking for, believe it or not, is like who are the brands that continue to show up over and over, the domains that continue to show up all the time. And those are the ones I really want to flag, right? And because we know that if those continue to show up in traditional search and show up as a core source of retrieval, that's a place where we want our brand to be, okay? So what I'll do here is let me add another column. I'm going to add a checkbox, and we'll run this. Let's see. And basically, this will be our just a very simple way to flag these opportunities to go after them, okay? So we'll just call it opportunity. And we'll go ahead and do this. Want it to be centered. All right, let's move this over, and I want to look specifically right here, okay? So very unlikely we're going to be able to get any coverage on some of these RP, not very likely, okay? So don't flag things where you basically have no chance. It's just not going to be worth your time. Obviously Amazon, that's that would be an owned asset that you'd want to go and build on Amazon. So certainly could just mark Amazon. AOL, there's probably opportunity here for a sponsored post. I would imagine these are probably sponsored posts more than likely. So yeah, so this is all sponsored content and it actually distributed from New York Post. So you basically go to New York Post, do a sponsored post, and you can ultimately promote your product. So First Form could have easily been in this, but they just need to go and pursue these sponsored post opportunities. But in AI we often see a lot of sponsored content showing up and influencing the answers. It's very common. So it doesn't matter whether it's paid or organic. It just simply does not matter. This one here, let's take a look and it looks like Yeah, it looks like these guys they're promoting one specific type of product and it looks like Yeah. So this is a good opportunity too where you could reach out and build a partnership with this particular entity. Okay? I'm looking at the entities that are getting cited and obviously you should prioritize the ones that have the most citations. That's really what matters or that are being that have the most visibility across these different surfaces. And then those should be your priority. Okay? And you can see there's a lot. Like this one here looks like Garage Gym Reviews. You can see they're actually getting tons of coverage for creatine. Look at this. They're basically in all these platforms. So this is definitely a website I would want to focus in on. Coming down here, we got Good Housekeeping. Once again, they have good coverage. Go down here. Obviously Healthline. Want to try to do [clears throat] something sponsored there for sure. And then just so on and so forth, right? We got Men's Health, obviously goes without saying. They're all over the place. And this is what you do, right? You want to keep attacking this. Now you start to see some some ones like Reddit as well. You want to go after Reddit and you can do this There's a lot of ways to go about doing this. I won't get too deep into Reddit strategy, but there's ways to get into Reddit, okay? There's plenty of people that have aged accounts that will go and promote your products in these various threads. So, if you're trying to prioritize which threads to go after, always prioritize the threads that are already showing up in retrieval, okay? But, also keeping a pulse on these general subreddits as well and constantly every day if you see opportunities, you should be jumping on those early, right? Really early cuz a lot of these are established threads. Sometimes they're closed. Sometimes you can't contribute to them. So, that's why it's critical that you first attack these cuz we know they're being used in retrieval. Then second secondly, you're on a daily basis watching and then trying to contribute as fast as possible, okay? And so, this is the technique that you wanted use because what you're doing is you're basically just looking at what is what already has visibility and this is all you that you have to do. Another good one actually here is YouTube. So, on YouTube is interesting because you can technically [clears throat] target existing videos and have them promote inside of an existing video in the description or even in the pin comment, but it's a little bit it's not as effective cuz often times you'd be promoting on a probably a video that's going to be declining in views in most cases cuz most generally most older videos are in decline, not in acceleration of views. But, what you want to do is actually look at the channels that are talking about this topic a lot, right? This particular channel here looks like they talk about creatine quite a bit or we go and we investigate and see. So, we'll go ahead and take a look and see if they actually do talk about creatine. So, it looks like he's talking about creatine. So, we'll go to his channel. We'll go to videos and then we'll just do a quick search and see how often they talk about creatine. And a lot, right? They talk about creatine quite a bit. So, this would be a perfect one to explore and ultimately try to get brand coverage here and you would do it just by building partnership, right? So, this is the process that you want to follow as far as the citations. >> [clears throat] >> The citations are the work, okay? So, when you think about AI search optimization, this is it, right? This is really the focus because the more coverage you can get on these core sources of retrieval, these most important entities, the better you're going to perform. It's basically it works so well as long as you are getting coverage. Now, the thing is, the best thing to do is obviously begin working on this right away, but the second best thing to do is use your website as one of the core sources of retrieval and use your own assets once again as a core source of retrieval. So, in the case of First Form, I would take advantage of the fact that they have a really strong social media presence, really strong profiles, and I would go on the attack as far as creatine, okay? So, what I've showed you so far is kind of I'm going on order here, but extract citation opportunities, okay? So, going back to the five stages of customer awareness, this is where we're going to begin this attack process. But in general, in a case like this, it's pretty obvious what you want to go after, especially [clears throat] at the solution aware phase, which is basically all those queries we've already covered, which is best creatine for the specific use case, right? So, basically we just paste these in and these are directly from the AI chat, but more than likely if we were to search these, they're probably going to have some sort of volume, but this is a good base to begin. You don't want to go too crazy here because there's going to be a lot to go after on this front, but basically this is like the center of the work that you're going to be doing. So, this would be in the solution aware phase, okay? So, then here, what we're going to be doing is actually sorry, this will stay in the solution aware, would be the competitors specifically. Now, this is where things get a little tricky with clients because clients don't always want to talk about their competitors, but I'm telling you if you want to perform well in these AI platforms, unfortunately, you will have to do it. You will have to compare yourself to your competitors. And if you don't do it, your competitors are probably going to do it, and the consumers you're going to let the consumers make that decision. I would much rather be in control of the situation. So, what you can do here is you can look at the top competitors, all right? So, this I pulled this directly from that report, and these are all the top competitors. And what I'll do is just filter this, and we're just going to see what are the competitors that just seem to keep showing up everywhere, okay? For all these different variants. And we can quickly see just at a quick glance and see who are the ones that keep showing up. So, these guys right here, they're showing up a lot, right? They're showing up a ton across basically many different types of intent, which means they have authority in this particular category. What we're really looking for are the like five to 10 biggest competitors in this one category. We're not trying to look at everything, just this one single category, okay? And then from there, we're going to be able to basically reverse engineer what they've done to beat them, okay? So, this is where we want to begin our process. And ultimately, we need to build a strategy of comparison techniques. So, what that means is we're basically going to take a brand like this, okay? And I'm just going to go ahead and look them up. So, this is the challenge when you start to go into a specific category, you'll often find specific competitors that they only do this one thing, right? And that makes them even harder to beat. And you can see here, this is just what they do. They just do creatine. So, to beat them, you have to go as intense as they have done, right? But, the biggest thing that's probably going to help them is that they have a slight partial match domain and a partial match brand name. So, they're definitely one I would have want to pay attention to, but this also brings up another important point that is it might be a situation where you would potentially, just an idea, want to spawn off a micro brand specifically for creatine and have a dedicated website just for creatine. That's something that can be really effective because you can basically just really tap into that that relevance. So, the main reason why you want to find your competitors because you're going to formulate different queries to attack these different competitor queries. And these are so incredibly powerful if you want to drive conversions. But most importantly, whenever someone is searching for, let's say something like in ChatGPT, they're searching for something like best creatine. We can even run this. I'll just run a manual example so you can see what happens in this case. So, we'll just do Let's go ahead and run like Let's see, go to the queries over here. Let's do one that's very specific. So, like best creatine for Let's do vegans. We'll do that one. So, we're going to go into ChatGPT and I want you to watch how ChatGPT does this. So, we'll go incognito and then we're going to run this, okay? And basically, you're going to watch how ChatGPT uses retrieval. And so, two things that happened, if you're not familiar with the systems that occur here, when you run a query in ChatGPT, the first thing that happens is that the large language model looks in what is called its static corpus, which is its training data, and sees if it already knows the answer to this question. But, in a lot of cases, in fact, almost every query these days is when it doesn't know the answer based on its training data, it goes and does retrieval. And we see that retrieval's used just more often than not and that's because basically what's happening is these AI platforms have learned that the base knowledge, the model training, is really But, what makes it more intelligent more intelligent is having grounding on top of it. So, to get grounding, it has to go and do web search and find information. So, based on what we're seeing here, this is exactly what you would expect. We're going to see specific brands that are mentioned here. But, the part I want you to really get focused in on is right here, okay? And the reason is because when you see how and Chat GPT doesn't fully reveal how it goes out and does web search, but we can get a pretty good idea just by looking at the citations that tend to appear here, okay? We can see all of these different citations that pop up. And a lot of them are usually listical-based citations just because of the nature of how we searched in general. So, let's see here. See if there's any verses in here. So, there's a few verses, but they're not specifically brand verse brand, so this probably isn't a common practice in this industry, which means it's wide open, okay? So, a company like First Form, and obviously, you need to feel very confident about your products, right? But if you're confident about your products, you think you have good positioning in the market, these are the queries you want to be going you want to be going after, okay? If you want to really build that strong topic authority around this one category, you have to do this. There's a few different types of queries I like to use. The first is alternatives, okay? So, you can see here, let's say Legion creatine alternatives. That's one of my favorites, right? So, you build a whole list. Obviously, if you believe this to be true and there's evidence that it's true, you put yourself as number one, and then you put the competitors anywhere between seven to 10 competitors in there, and then you build a list, okay? Very simple. Then the next one is a review. So, specific review of this product. Now, the thing is, I want to make it clear, like you don't have to be nasty in these, right? You can still give objective differences between the products. Maybe you got different ways that you construct those products. Like, you can find things that are objectively different, and but they're not like nasty, "Hey, yeah, their product sucks and we're better." Like, that's not what you want to do. You want to make it clean. You can still do this in a nice way, and that's what you want to do. So, basically, there's a few different ones you want to do. You want to do the review, so I'll just write these down here so you can see the different variants. So, it's going to be competitor, like this, review. I mean, actually, I'll go down so you can see from how the this goes down in search intent. So, we'll take it from where we started, which is best creatine for vegans, okay? Then what's going to happen is it's going to be in this list, right? On a post like this, there's going to be a bunch of competitors that are listed. So, then we want to attack each competitor review, right? From there. Then what we want to do is we want to go after same thing, which would be competitor alternatives, okay? And this works in every industry. I've tried this across every single industry, it just works, okay? And then this one here would be competitor verse competitor. Now, this one is the most interesting because a lot of people ignore these, right? So, you'll see these pop up in Google Search Console all the time and you'll see these queries. What you can do is you can take this query and you can just slap you on it. Like that, okay? And that's what I did right here where you can see I did creatine battle, okay? And so, this looks Legion verse Thorne verse First Form. And what I've done here is I'm getting the relevance of creatine, so I don't have to repeat it for all three of the brands, but I'm still getting that brand element in there. So, this is specifically focused on their creatine product lines at each of these brands, okay? So, this helps you get the best of both worlds. This is a keyword, Ahrefs verse NeuronWriter, okay? But take a look at this. Rankability, the number one cited source for this query and the number one result for this query, okay? So, just to show you how powerful this is and look at what I did. All I did was slapped on Rankability on the end of this, right? So, we built out This is actually the target query, which is NeuronWriter verse Ahrefs, but I just slap on Rankability at the end and I get the best of both worlds, right? I get to rank for all their stuff and also get to add some comparison elements for our brand inside of there. This just works so well. Just published this one recently. Scrunch AI verse Profound. This is just a couple of days ago, all right? And we'll see if it's ranking and boom, it's right there. Already on the first page, 15 hours ago, okay? 15 hours ago, already showing up. Once again, I don't include rankability in the query, but this is the focus. The query is the competitors, right? So, you can do this. It's incredibly powerful, and not a lot of people do this. Okay, so those are the those are like the three core, and then obviously the next one that makes a lot of sense is would be competitor verse obviously you. Now, just with these alone, you can see how many opportunities there truly are, right? There's so many opportunities when you build this out, and that's why I just did a small example of this just to prove this point, but look at how many queries we have just with these variants, okay? We're looking at 71 different pages that need to be built on the website. 71, and then we're just scratching the surface. This is 19 different kind of core unique intents, but there's a lot of other intents you could build out for sure. You go deeper and deeper. So, with Google Search Console, it's amazing because once you start pushing these assets out, more queries are going to flood Search Console, and you're going to start to see those unique variants, and you can start attacking it even more, and the end result is that you can just build so much topic authority in that one category. People greatly underestimate how much it takes to build true topic authority. It takes a lot, and you have to hit so many different types of intents. So, that's what we're doing here. We're basically we're attacking these topics with everything we have. This is basically what query fan out is. When you put something in the AI, like best creatine for vegans, is this simple all the time. It'll actually conduct a very simple query, then it will go and say, "Okay, once the AI has identified, let's say five brands, then it will actually go and run a lot of these similar same queries." Very common. Search is just like a human. So, essentially we're modeling what the AI already does, and by us continually showing up over and over, that's what influences the AI platforms a lot. And if you need proof of this, I'll just show you. This is like a real-life example. Okay, I'll just show you. I just did this recently just to prove how powerful this can be. HubSpot launched a brand new tool in the AEO space. He said, "We're going to go after HubSpot AEO." So, what do you immediately launched several assets, and you can see in traditional search, right? We've got one, we've got a LinkedIn post, which I'll explain the parasite SEO component of this. We've got one, two, and we go down here, then we've got another asset for Rankability, then YouTube, and then the LinkedIn post again. So, you know, we've got Well, let's see we've got how many? We've got five. Five of the top 30 positions across all these search engines, okay? That's a lot. 17% ownership of the SERPs just for this one query. But then we go into the answers, and you can see Rankability. Think about how crazy this is for a second, okay? Rankability, we're completely bootstrapped. All right, we're completely bootstrapped. We have three team members. That is it. It's me, Simon, and Amber, okay? That's it. These companies that we're showing up near, Profound, they have a billion-dollar valuation, okay? You did just check this out. Profound funding, okay? $96 million in funding in February, which put them in a billion-dollar valuation, okay? It's unheard of that we should even be in the conversation with them, okay? Because they can crush us as far as the resources. So, how are we doing this? The These companies are well-funded, so how is it possible that Rankability continues to show up for all of these queries that obviously they would like to show up for as well. The reason is because we're deploying a very proven strategy. And this is a strategy we've been developing over the last couple of years, and it continues to get better and better. And it's very simple. We attack these queries with everything that we have, okay? Everything that we have. So, we got the traditional search attack, then we're attacking citations, and as you can see, using our website, using using LinkedIn, right? That's what we're doing. Okay, and this is how you can really attack these queries, HubSpot AEO alternatives, but I want you to take a look at this, okay? So, we'll go into Google and I want to show you how powerful this can be. HubSpot, and you'll see look at I'm I'm actually eating our own dog food, okay? What I'm telling you to do is what we do. It's right here. You can see it. And every single one of these pages ranks, every single one. But, the way to build this hyper focused topic relevance is you have to attack this just one query at a time. And keep in mind, the bigger objective here is to build topic authority for AEO, but you do it by getting granular first and then going upward, right? That's the way that we personally do it. So, just want to show you the power of this, how well this can work if you do this the right way. Now, of course, you have to feel comfortable talking about your competitors. I would highly recommend it, all right? So, those are the queries I think you understand what we're doing here, which is the five stages customer awareness. Now, this aligns really well with the topic domination plan, okay? So, you begin with your website, you tackle the queries on your website, okay? It's the first thing you want to do. But, then you got to figure out what's the next best platform to attack these topics again, okay? Your website's just one part of the equation. Next is like, all right, well, if we're going to build topic authority around creatine for vegans, we got the one on our site, we're attacking all the competitors, where's the next best place? You want to go the places that have really good indexation in traditional search. So, we'll just first form. All right, so we can see they're indexed. Now, normally, if you weren't sure, you could just copy this if you weren't sure, and then you just go into Google, and you can drop the URL, and then just see how well their recent videos are getting indexed. And if they're getting indexed well, then that's a good place to start because you know that it's going to get crawled and indexed fast, and then it's going to be used in this topic authority equation that we're trying to build, okay? So, this is a really good place to start. So, for me it's very simple. So, you can see same exact topics on YouTube. Same exact. Now, it gets definitely a little more awkward on YouTube if you're going to go after your competitor, so I would say for these I might put maybe or something like that because these are a little more you may want to go and sponsor some videos to attack these instead of do this on your channel, but I'd say at least for these this is a yes, like absolute yes. Attack these with everything you got. These are all the ones that you want to go after, okay? Because this is even with just these alone, it's about 21 videos that you could build out all around the creatine segment, right? So, just imagine you've got your website, then you've got YouTube which is the second most popular website on the internet, and now you're just you're really starting to build that infrastructure for dominance around that topic, okay? But, then you want to go to the next level. Next one is you just run these same exact queries again this time on LinkedIn, right? And you can actually do this. We'll look specifically at LinkedIn cuz LinkedIn's a really good parasite website. And you can see they're doing really well, right? We can see this. We'll copy this over, and then take this to the next level, all right? So, this is where you can start to get pretty crazy with this, but I just want to show you, all right? So, we got First Form and we're seeing that they're getting indexed. They got plenty of indexation as far as the brand. And then on top of it what you can do is basically the way that we would do it is we would take one of these topics, so it'd be like we'll continue with a vegan one. So, we'll go best creatine for vegans, all right? So, this would be LinkedIn, all right? So, we go on LinkedIn and we would attack this query on the company page, all right? So, it's supplements for vegans, and I would say specifically 2026. So, we got that. So, it's timely, all right? So, we would publish this article on the company page, all right, that's the first part. Then, when that is published, the next best move is to amplify this content with employees. Okay? So, then you have all of your employees share that article. So, what that's going to do is going to create a lot of different routes into that article. Lots of different opportunities to to push the crawling and the indexation. This is what you want. And the more employees you have that have at least a little bit of authority on LinkedIn, the better it's going to be. So, like an example would be Sal, for example, who's the CEO and he he's got 5,000 followers. So, he's a very good person to either share this or at least like it or add He needs to drive signals to this page. Okay? Cuz you want to get it indexed. And LinkedIn is just stupidly powerful. Okay? I'll show you an example of this in traditional search for this query. LinkedIn is number four. Okay? Let's see on Google, it's number six. Bing, it's four. DuckDuckGo, it's three. And Brave, it's 14. So, it's not doing as well there. But, across these other ones, you can see it's the fourth most visible URL for this query. LinkedIn, right? And now I'll just show you the article. It's basically a slight variant of the core article that's on our website, right? You can see. It's a fine article. It gets the job done. But, you see everything I'm doing is I'm just pushing people right back into back to the website, right? And then, of course, embedding more of the other assets that we have. Okay? So, that's what you want to do. So, you would attack this exactly that way on LinkedIn. You build Once again, you just drive more visibility to that and you rinse and repeat over and over. We'll remove the most aware. And just by doing the website, YouTube, and LinkedIn, all with your owned assets, we're looking at 163 assets to publish. And it's basically all on similar stuff, so you should be able to pump these out pretty easily for the most part with a little bit of focus. For First the thing is they've also got like a big presence on other platforms as well. So, they've got TikTok. Like I would attack TikTok absolutely. Same exact topics again, but in a micro content form. We would also do it again on Instagram, right? So, we got Instagram here. It looks like they're getting good indexation as well here on Instagram. So, once again, very easy thing to to attack. And that just multiplies. So, that'd be just with those distribution channels, we're looking at 200 assets all around creatine to build topic authority. And this is many years ago was a big focus on building topical authority. And a lot of that was really focused on the website and also maybe a little bit with on the backlink profile. I kind of termed this thing topic domination because I found how powerful this was because I originally discovered this when I started ranking for stuff like Star SEO agency. And like I would just show up And you can see it's They show up in the videos here, another one here, and then you go down here, you got another one LinkedIn, which was a year ago, and then more videos, and so on and so forth, okay? That's where I started to see this. It's just cuz my experience on YouTube. I was like, "Oh my gosh, I wonder if like I could just try to like capture as many spots as possible." And this has translated really well over to AI AI search specifically. So, that is the topic domination plan. That's how you want to go about doing this. And this just it just works. The problem is most people just don't want to do it because it's hard, right? You got to produce 200 pieces of content. But truthfully, it's a lot of work, but this is what it takes to dominate a category. So, just imagine if you were First Form, and you attacked every category this way, right? Every category, you go on offense in this way. This is what it takes, right? Especially when you think about all these different categories. They're trying to come They're try They're fighting a lot of battles on many different fronts, okay? And so to win, they really got to get focused. Okay, they got the products in place, but now you got to get super focused in on some categories. And like I said, it can take a one quarter, sometimes two quarters to to really fill in that whole topic to the extent where like okay, I think we've covered creatine enough. I think we can move on to collagen, okay? Now, what I've showed you today is really just about your owned assets, all right? So now what we're going to start thinking about is what about off of the website? Okay, now this is where things go to the next level, all right? So what we've really done here is we've attacked all of the core topics across our major owned assets. So an example here is so we'll say for our owned assets, we've attacked We've got the website, we've got YouTube, we've got LinkedIn, we've got Instagram, we've also got TikTok. Okay, so that's five, all right? So five different distribution channels, assuming we're going to hit most of these, we're going to be looking at roughly when you consider the amplification of posts that will be promoting the other assets on LinkedIn and maybe other areas too. You do the ones on every platform, all right? If you post on YouTube, get your team members to engage with those videos. If you post on TikTok, get your team members to engage with the ones on TikTok to amplify it even more. But we're talking like it could be nearly 250 to 500 assets just around your owned ecosystem. Honestly, this could be enough to move the needle. And considering where they currently are as far as performance, doing this alone will make things better. Just doing this and nothing else, it's almost a guarantee to see performance gains, okay? But the next thing I'm going to be looking at is okay, aside from our owned assets, where's the next best place to build topic authority around creatine? Simply just look at these top competitors here and see who's popping up the most. Healthline is the number one most cited domain, right? And number one most cited entity as well. So, this is where I would want to spend my time, right? I try to go to Healthline and see if we can get sponsored content. So, really what I would do is I'd actually go over to the to the blend that we built and we're going to look specifically at Let's look specifically at Healthline. Go down here. And yeah, they're crushing it. You look at these They're They basically show up for every single query related to creatine. Okay, every single one. So, the first method I would try because this is the most impactful method. Let's go ahead and clear this out and then we'll just look at Healthline only. So, the first method I would attempt to do is I would like to focus on the pages that have a lot of visibility. So, this one here, which best creatine, okay? So, let's see here. Six best creatine monohydrate supplements. All right, so basically what I would try to do is I would reach out, try to find whoever the contact is at Healthline, and we would try to see if we could be included as another option here and see what the criteria is for a brand to show up in this process, okay? Because this is truly one of the most critical pages that you can get a citation on. So, it is worth whatever it takes to be here, okay? Literally whatever it takes. Financially, giving product away, like reaching out to as many people as possible, building relationships with the contacts here, like everything, okay? But you should really think about Healthline as like one of your core channels that you have to go after with everything you have, okay? Because you look at the distribution of strength they have across so many different platforms. Look at this. These are all the different platforms that they're showing up on all the time, okay? So, you have to do this, okay? It's so important. So, that's the next part of this is like offsite, all right? Offsite. And we'll call it earned just because we're not So, first one is Healthline, like as far as you're going to prioritize, that's where I'd begin. So, you say like priority one, okay? So, the most important would be one, all right? So, that's our first priority. Then we just go right back over to the tracker again and we look at, okay, so Reddit, Amazon, we're going to go over here and we're going to see if they have their creatine on Amazon and it looks like not seeing their creatine on Amazon. So, that's probably some sort of decision that they've made to not sell the creatine on Amazon, but it looks like they sell other things on Amazon. So, it looks like they're just not selling their creatine specifically. So, that's a huge opportunity, right? They're willing to do some selling through Amazon, which is like the number one e-commerce platform on the planet, I would highly recommend that. >> [laughter] >> So, let's clear this out. We're going to go to Amazon and you can see how much visibility Amazon has for these critical topics as well, okay? So, once again, just for the earned alone, we're looking at Healthline, so we got Healthline in here. We've got Amazon, which is another channel that we can attack for this specific topic. And then, the next one that we would want to consider, too, of course, Reddit, okay? Reddit shows up for everything and Forbes and Garage Gym Reviews, so all of these, okay? I'm not going to go through all of them, but this is the process you want to go through. And just looking at this, like just the top 10 alone, because they have so much influence across these queries, this would change the game completely. Like even if you got just 20% brand coverage across the top 10 entities or domains, it's almost guaranteed to move the needle. And and considering the the bar is pretty low right now, it could move very fast. So, we We that figured out. We've created our benchmark reports, we've identified top competitors, category level comparison, that's all good. All right, so now at this point, we've focused a lot on strategy. So, we've got our basically our owned content strategy, we've got our earned content strategy, or our earned outreach strategy, whatever you want to call it, all established. All right, so let's just take let's go ahead and we'll start with the website here. And we want to do this in a very intelligent way. All right, this is very important. We don't just want to haphazardly do this, we want to be really smart about our strategy. So, in the case of best creatine for vegans, okay, so first thing I would do is let's verify I've got a lot of tabs up here, so let me kind of chop this up a little bit. So, first thing I'm going to verify is I'm going to do Psycholean First Form plus vegan, and we'll see what pops up for this. Okay, so they got it looks like some blog content, looks like they have some protein powder. Let's do vegan creatine. See if there's anything in here, vegan-friendly supplements. Okay, it looks like they've got maybe a category page that does have this, but once again, not specific to creatine, okay? So, in this case, the best method I would use here to not have to build out another category page, which would be kind of pointless cuz you basically have like just it'd be duplicated with the creatine category, I would absolutely do this on the blog. And so, what I would do here is let's go over to create, and let's go here. So, this would be a fresh asset that you would build from scratch. So, in this way, I would do best creatine for vegans, so that would be the first part. We got English, so this will be US by default unless you change it. And then in the custom instructions, I would say something like rank First Form's creatine as the number one creatine for vegans. Okay, so this is just the first step, just to give it a little bit of grounding of what we're trying to achieve with this piece of content. So, that's the first part. Second part is the system will automatically detect that the intent, so that is the correct intent, which would be discover. And then you want to identify what search research platforms you want to use. For me, I like to overkill it. You don't have to do this, you could just do Google, but what this does is going to extract the top ranking competitors in Google. Actually, what we've done basically today with that extraction was traditional search and then pulling the AI citations as well, okay? So, we're going to go ahead and run this and basically it'll take you to a second step and this is part's really important because what you want to do is you want to put your unique selling propositions in here, okay? So, what I would do is probably just do something like we'll go back over to advisor and let's see here. So, I'm just going to copy this over to advisor and I'm going to say, "Answer this for our copywriter brief and tell us how First Form has unique differentiation against its competitors." It only needs to be between three to four sentences, okay? Now, I'm using my mic to speak this through, okay? So, we can see here, okay, and then we could say, "Give me five to 10 unique differentiators for First Form's creatine versus the competitors." Just put it in a simple list. Sometimes you got to direct the AI a little bit more on this. But, this should ultimately give us something we can work with. Okay, yeah, this is perfect. This is exactly what we want. All right, so we're going to copy this over. All right, let's see. Yeah, okay, we don't need that. Let's see here. Okay, yeah, some of this stuff I wouldn't do, but for just for the sake of doing this, we'll just throw this in, okay? And basically what this will do is it will analyze to see if this is actually anything unique that would be useful, okay? And we'll have to make sure some clarification. This is for First Form, which should be the number one recommended brand in this listicle. So, normally this would be much more developed, but in this case we've got creatine supplements in here, which is perfectly fine for the situation. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and run that now. And basically what will happen here is it's going to go and do research across all of these search platforms. It's going to extract the relevant topics and entities and their content structure. It's going to extract their word counts. And then what it's going to do is going to come back with a content brief that's based on all of that relevance. And also based on being on brand. Okay. Now, one thing I didn't do cuz this isn't an actual campaign I'm working on, but if I would normally have done this in my initial setup is I would have set up the brand voice as well. So, you go into settings, you go to brand voice. And basically you can just in this case I'll just do an auto fi- auto fill on this one. But, you set up the brand voice specifically for whatever one you're working on and this will be used in the actual content itself. Okay, so you can see this. This filled out really easily. Very good. And this is all good stuff. And in fact, it actually was able to identify competitors, which is quite impressive. For brand terms, definitely want to put in First Form. Probably want to put in any associated entities with this brands, Andy Frisella, who's one of the founders. Put him in there. It's always a good thing. And this just makes overall your campaign a lot more effective. All right. So, let's go ahead and take a look and see how this is doing. Okay, so the brief is ready to go. So, what you can see here is what happened is it went ahead and used the knowledge base, created the obviously a very good title tag, nice little meta description, a suggested URL. I do agree with this. Yep, that's the one I would personally use. You can see the entities that we would want to cover in this content. This is based on the competitors, but also based on when the AI reads all of this different content. It could be anywhere between 50 to 75 articles or pages. The AI will also identify gaps across all the competitors and will make suggestions in here as well. Now, what we're going to look at here is exactly what we want to see is a perfect goal listical format for this particular query. So, the only thing I would change is probably just add the actual number in here, but aside from that, this will get the job done. And we can see it perfectly placed first form exactly where we wanted it to be right at the beginning. And then we've got some of these other competitors that are popping up in here as well. So, this is exactly what we want to see. But then it also shows the people also ask. So, this is a way to tap into query funnel, like I mentioned earlier in this video, which would allow this one asset to rank not just for its core keyword or core topic, but also those secondary topics, more long-tail traffic. Once this gets published, we will measure the performance of these dedicated queries that will probably be in the FAQ section, see how they're performing, and then if they're underperforming, we can always splinter off and build a dedicated asset around that topic. Okay. So, keep going down here. A nice internal link, very good. Yep, that's definitely something we want to see. Probably want to add another internal link to like the category page. So, just to kind of get that link equity and authority flowing back to the core category. So, I would definitely want to get that in there as well. So, let's see here. So, we'll pop that in. And we could just we could put something like creatine mono. Actually, you know, we'll just keep it creatine. We'll keep it broad in this case. Okay. All right. And then from there, we're just going to generate the draft. So, what will happen is this will generate directly from the brief. So, the brief is the foundation of the draft. Okay, so the draft is ready to go. So, we can see here a couple things right away. I haven't even touched this just first draft out of the gate. You can see that it's covered the topics pretty well. Okay, so we've got we're looking at about 66 entities and topics that are covered. It covered pretty much what you'd want to see. But we can go ahead and flip this over to unused, and you can see there's more opportunity to attack more queries if you want. Now, you could do it in this asset itself, or one thing we like to do, too, is look at these as additional content opportunities, right? And you can use these as seeds to then expand out further to build more semantic relevance around this one topic. Now, based on what I'm seeing here, this looks pretty solid. The only thing I would say is this is a little bulky, so you want to kind of split this up a little bit, just so that it's a little more readable. One thing that we recently added is that we've included a new step in this process that does additional web search outside of just competitor analysis. So, what you see here is purely competitor analysis. Basically, we're extracting from the top competitors, extracting all their stuff, but then a layer on top of this is additional web research to clarify some facts. And so, you can see this is an example where it actually went and retrieved information from somewhere to verify some information in here. So, very high-quality stuff. And this is literally the first draft. You should definitely improve it. And we even see little details right here, like contact for pricing. This is something that you don't want to have in the listicle. You need to have very specific numbers in here. And this is just basically the AI playing it safe in some cases, but we see there's a bunch of other situations here where it went and found actual, you know, retrievable facts to make sure this information is accurate, okay? So, [snorts] we can see here this is a perfect type of listicle that you would want to build out. At the end here, you can see we've got those secondary topics here with the FAQ, where it actually going to help build out that query fan out process. So, like I said, this is a first draft. You need to treat it as a first draft. Typically, any AI draft that we have is typically going to go through anywhere between three to five iterations before going to production. But, this is a very good place to start is all I'm saying. So, basically, what we would do from here is we would repeat this process for every single asset that we're going to build. The same process I just followed, same exact process to attack this every time. And these will not be duplicate, by the way, because every single one of these queries is going to surface a different set of competitors. And by servicing a different set of competitors, this listical is inherently going to be different nearly every single time that you do this. So, if you're doing one for best creatine for sensitive stomachs, it's going to be an entirely different set of retrieval sources. So, it's always going to be different, okay? The next angle's going to be about specifically sensitive stomach, okay? So, you want to repeat that process over and over. So, at this point, we have officially figured out the content development process. It's just a matter of execution now. Just build out the assets and publish them. Make sure that you're internally linking the assets together, okay? So, every time you publish a article about vegan, you want to internally link that to another asset about creatine, and just get everything linking together, but putting the category page at the center of that core, and everything else is built to support that category page. And then, the next one here is very simple thing that we will will do for existing contents. The last kind of point here is you will go and So, inside of this section here, you can go ahead and go to the optimize. So, that one we just ran is a pure op standard route. This optimize route, you actually can look at a specific URL and do an extraction. So, that's what you're looking at right here. So, you can see this is an extraction of their category page, and you can see there's some room for improvement, right? There's some room for improvement on this one. So, it's not covering a lot of the critical topics that need to be covered on this page, and that's something that obviously want to address, okay? So, that would be the first thing. Next thing is run that same page through the page-level analysis. So, we've got inside of our audit section over here. They've got the domain-level analysis, but then the page-level analysis. This is the best page-level audit on the market. There is no other page-level audit that's at this level. I can guarantee it, because we cover more than any other thing could. This is like 99.9% of the variables you would ever need to cover on a page to make sure that it's built to perform in search or or even as a source of retrieval, okay? It's focused on a few different things. If you do this right, if you follow the recommendations on here, you're going to do well in traditional search, you're going to do well as a source of retrieval when AI does web research, and then you're also going to increase your odds of being actually baked into the models because there's a little new section here about Common Crawl. But basically, run the page through and it's going to look at all these important categories. So crawling, indexing, could be looking at the content itself and seeing how well it's optimized. This is the topic coverage, on-page structure, basic stuff, looking at content freshness, okay? So that actually is a big piece of this. We know that AI platforms prefer fresher pages typically in retrieval. And then file freshness, this is something I love to do, but basically go to any page like this and you go to view page source, and I love to look for really outdated stuff. 2023, maybe 2022. Yep, so we're starting to see some outdated stuff popping up in here, okay? Remember, these platforms are looking at code, okay? They're looking at code. They don't care how pretty your website is, especially the AI platforms. They deconstruct your websites down to its most basic fundamentals. And so you want to make sure that everything is up to date. Not just the copy, but every single little detail, your images, the code, everything. So that's what this little variable is looking at. And then UX and performance, it's well documented that in traditional search, fast-loading pages are good and are important. These AI platforms do not mess around. If you have a slow-loading page, you're going to be in trouble, okay? So this is definitely something you want to get focused in on. And then page quality score, we basically take the content and run it through our own proprietary process to have the AI assess that page. It's based on Google's helpful content guidelines. So you can see here that it's there's opportunity. But, the biggest one is specifically making it ready for the future or not even the future, the reality of today, which is agent searching. And I think approximately 60% of all searches now are actually agents. It means when someone's using ChatGPT and ChatGPT does not know the answer, it uses agents to go and find that information. In other words, web search. But, it it's an agentic process that it goes through. It's a bot, okay? And you want those bots to be able to get to your stuff. More importantly, you want CCBot to be able to get to your stuff because this is Common Crawl's bot, all right? And this is the bot that is used a lot, not the bot itself, but the training or the index that it gets. So, basically what happens is every single month CCBot scours the whole internet and builds a whole database of basically a snapshot of the internet, okay? It's a huge open-source database. What happens is OpenAI and Anthropic and all these companies, they just download that whole database and that becomes a piece of their future training of their model, okay? They don't take everything in that download. They take that download and they break it down and filter it down ends up to a so much smaller core that they'll use for the training. You need to make sure that your website is accessible for CCBot because it's basically like one of the most critical parts for your brand getting baked into the actual model, which is like the ultimate thing that you want. You want to get baked into the model, but also make sure that you're doing well in retrieval. So, that's the best of both worlds. It begins with CCBot. That's the beginning part of it, okay? And then some more advanced stuff here. You can see that this is really based on helping all of these things here for the agent retrieval is all just to make it easier for the agents to understand your website and navigate your website and use use website. This stuff is so easy to do if you're using AI or Claude. You just come in here, I just download markdown, and Woody is a completely agentic website. So, I just go into our AI Here's all the stuff that we need to fix. The AI builds out a plan, fixes all the problems, and then it's good to go. And I'll show you the before and after of this process, okay? So, before, I think this one we did not have any of the agentic measures in place. So, you can see here, okay? So, none of the agent retrieval enhancements at all on our own website, okay? Except with markdown, which I'm still a little skeptical to do at this point. But, all of these agentic variables were taken care of. Now, how do we do this? Wasn't magical. I just downloaded the markdown, gave it to the AI, and said, "I We need to make our website more agent friendly, okay?" And the AI just figured out and built it all, and it was done in less than an hour, okay? Every website can do this. It requires almost no investment, and it has a lot of upside, okay? Because, honestly, it's a weird time right now because doing SEO and doing AI search optimization, a lot of it is thinking about You want to make sure that the website is really built well for agents and humans equally, maybe even a little more leaning towards the agents because now they're about 60%, give or take. So, this report will help you kind of look under the hood on any page that you're working on. So, that is an overview of how I would formulate a strategy for an e-commerce website with a good brand like this, okay? And as you can see, there's a lot of work that has to be done, and there's a lot of off-site work. There's a lot of on-site work. But, this is what it takes to win today. This is much SEO is not just SEO anymore. It is clearly much more than that. It's basically digital marketing. So, if you want to succeed in AI search optimization, search everywhere optimization, which is how I like to define SEO these days, you need to be really focused on doing great digital marketing. So, if you want to see more videos like this, please subscribe, and I'll see you in the next one. Thanks.